As of June 9th, 2011  
ifttt Inc. ("IFTTT") takes the private nature of your personal information very seriously. This Privacy Policy describes how we treat the information we collect when you visit and use the IFTTT website located at ifttt.com (the "Site") and the services offered by IFTTT (the Site and services referred to as the "Service"). Please read this Privacy Policy to learn more about the ways in which IFTTT uses and protects your personal information. By using the Service you acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms, please do not use the Service or access our Site. The IFTTT Service is not intended for use by children. If you are under 18, you may use the Service only with involvement of a parent or guardian.  
  
  
Information We Collect Automatically Browsing the Site does not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us. In general, IFTTT will gather some generic information automatically. This generic information may include the internet address assigned to your computer, the number and frequency of visitors to the Site, the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on the Site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on the Site or not), and your computer browser information. Generic information does not reveal the identity of the visitor. This type of aggregate data may enable us to figure out how often users use parts of the Service, help us determine customer service and Site needs, and do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our community. IFTTT may use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information, not information about you personally, to our partners about how our users, collectively, use our Service.  
  
  
Information You Provide to Us We receive and store any information you enter on the Service or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, though you may not be able to take advantage of many Service features. The personal information you provide may be used for such purposes as responding to your questions or requests, customizing the content you see, and communicating with you about new Service features. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Service, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you as provided herein, though our intent is that email is the only channel we will use to contact you without your consent.  
  
In order for you to take full advantage of the Service, you must provide registration information, including an e-mail address and password. We may also request demographic information and unique identifiers in order to provide you with a more personalized service, but this information is optional. Once you register for the Service, create Recipes or channels, and/or give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. Usernames and links to public accounts are only shown on your profile with your consent. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to register for the Service or create any tasks or channels. Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, and efficient experience. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. IFTTT does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties without your explicit consent. IFTTT may disclose information it has collected from you and/or that you have made available through the Service when it believes in good faith that the law or legal process requires it, or when it is necessary to do so to protect the rights or property of IFTTT or others. You are responsible for managing the flow of your private information from one third party service to another. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, that information becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others and redistributed through the internet and other media channels. For example, if you push a private post on Facebook to a public blog, the private post will no longer be private. You may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.  
  
  
Is My Information Secure? We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We use industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software to protect the security of your personal information during transmission, which encrypts all of the information you input. All personal information collected from other services that you provide through the use of the Service is stored securely. Only employees who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to it. All of our employees are kept up to date on our privacy and security practices.  
  
Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example, we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.  
  
You need to work to protect against unauthorized access to your passwords and to your computer by signing off once you have finished using a shared computer. You are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password. Therefore we recommend that you do not disclose your password to any third parties. If you choose to share your User ID and password or your personal information with third parties, you are responsible for all actions taken with your account and therefore you should review that third party's privacy policy. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf such as if someone used your User and ID password to forward libelous material through the Service. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password.  
  
  
What about Cookies? When you visit the Site, we may send one or more "cookies" to your computer hard drive through your Web browser. A cookie is a small file containing a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Any use of cookies by us will be solely for the purposes of improving the quality of access to the Site by storing user preferences, and tracking user trends, such as how people use the Site, and their Site access preferences. Cookies tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited and by how many people. We use cookies to allow you to enter your login information less frequently. To the extent IFTTT uses cookies, such cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your username or e-mail address is. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and you may be required to reenter your password or login information more frequently. IFTTT visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Site. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. We recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because deleting cookies may reduce the functionality of IFTTT. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties.  
  
  
Will IFTTT Share Any of the Information it Receives with Other Entities? We may use third party service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of our business and therefore we may provide some of your personal information directly to these service providers. These service providers are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide them for any other purpose except to facilitate the specific outsourced IFTTT related operation, unless you have given your prior permission to them for additional uses. We may share our data, including personal information about you with our partners and joint ventures in furtherance of our business. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other users. Our partners and joint ventures follow privacy practices no less protective of all users than our practices described in this document, to the extent allowed by applicable law. In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if IFTTT, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that IFTTT goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that may be transferred to or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of IFTTT may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. IFTTT cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws and intellectual property rights. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, and email address. We will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss. or report suspected illegal activity. This Privacy Policy applies to the IFTTT Service only. We do not exercise control over any sites that you may visit from a link on our Site. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Since IFTTT does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.  
  
Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties, and you will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.  
  
  
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information Statements and channels can be deactivated at anytime though prior tasks and channels may remain in our electronic archive. You can change your email address and contact information by going to the settings page. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. You may be able to add or update certain additional information via the Service. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. Please note that information may remain in our records after deletion of your account. IFTTT will only update your information on third party sites or send you information (phone, sms, etc.) with your specific consent such as when you add tasks to your account.  
  
  
User Communications You may input your contact information into the Service so that IFTTT may contact you. When you enter your contact information or send an email or other communication to IFTTT, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries and respond to your requests. We do not use your email address or contact information to send commercial or marketing messages nor do we give or sell this information to any third parties.  
  
To the extent your e-mail address is provided to IFTTT, you may receive e-mail or other communications from us.  
  
  
Changes to this Policy Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amend terms on the Site. All amended terms shall automatically be effective thirty (30) days after they are initially posted on the Site. Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date.  
  
  
Contact Us If you have any additional questions or concerns about this policy or the Service in general, please feel free to contact us at