Find more solutions

Digital Services and Device Support › Amazon Device Terms, Warranties, and Notices › Amazon FreeTime Unlimited Terms &. Conditions

**Last updated: May 22, 2020**

This is an agreement between you and Amazon.com Services LLC (with its affiliates, "**Amazon**", "**we**" or “**us**”). Before using Amazon FreeTime Unlimited (“**FreeTime Unlimited**”), please read these Amazon FreeTime Unlimited Terms &. Conditions, the Amazon.com Privacy Notice, the Amazon.com Conditions of Use, and the other applicable rules, policies, and terms posted on the Amazon.com website (collectively, the "**Terms**"). If you use or access FreeTime Unlimited on Alexa, please read the following applicable Terms: the Alexa Terms of Use and Children's Privacy Disclosure. By using or accessing FreeTime Unlimited, you agree to be bound by the Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, then you may not use FreeTime Unlimited.

**Terms**

*   FreeTime Unlimited is offered as a monthly or pre-paid subscription and on a per-child or per-family basis. The subscription fees for FreeTime Unlimited are stated at www.amazon.com/freetimeunlimited. From time to time, we may offer different membership terms, and the fees for such membership may vary. Membership fees may be subject to tax and are non-refundable except as expressly set forth in these Terms.
*   You'll need a current, valid payment method to sign up and to pay for the FreeTime Unlimited subscription.
*   **Unless you notify Amazon before a charge that you want to cancel or do not want to auto renew, you understand your Freetime Unlimited subscription will automatically continue and you authorize Amazon (without notice to you, unless required by applicable law) to collect the then-applicable fee and any applicable taxes, using any payment method we have on record for you.**
*   If all payment methods we have on file for you are declined for payment of your subscription fees, your subscription will be canceled unless you provide us with a new payment method. If you provide us with a new payment method and are successfully charged before your subscription is canceled, your new subscription period will be based on the original renewal date and not the date of the successful charge.
*   We may offer a FreeTime Unlimited Free Trial to eligible customers from time to time. We consider your free or paid FreeTime Unlimited subscription history when determining whether you're eligible for a FreeTime Unlimited Free Trial. Customers may also receive a pre-paid subscription to FreeTime Unlimited as part of a device purchase.
*   At the end of your free trial period, or any applicable pre-paid period, your subscription will be automatically converted to the applicable paid monthly subscription plan. If you don't want to convert to a paid monthly subscription, you can cancel or disable auto-renewal during the free trial or pre-paid period by contacting Amazon Customer Service. You may also manage your subscription from within Your Memberships and Subscriptions, the FreeTime section of Settings on your Fire tablet, the Settings section of the FreeTime on Android app, or the Amazon Parent Dashboard. Disabling auto-renewal means you will continue to have access through the end of the free trial period, and your payment method will not be charged.
*   The monthly renewal price of your FreeTime Unlimited subscription may change, for example if you become an Amazon Prime member or if you cancel your Amazon Prime membership. We may change these Terms, the fees or any aspect of the FreeTime Unlimited subscription at any time and in our discretion by posting the revised terms on the Amazon.com website. **Your continued use of FreeTime Unlimited after we change these Terms constitutes your acceptance of the changes. If you do not agree to any changes, you must cancel your subscription.**
*   You may cancel your subscription or disable auto-renewal at any time by contacting Amazon Customer Service. You may also manage your subscription from within Your Memberships and Subscriptions, the FreeTime section of Settings on your Fire tablet, the Settings section of the FreeTime on Android app, or the Amazon Parent Dashboard. You can manage a FreeTime Unlimited subscription purchased via the iOS app from iTunes or the settings on your Apple device. Disabling auto-renewal means you will continue to have access through the end of the current billing period, and your payment method will not be charged again. If you choose to cancel a monthly subscription, you will receive a prorated refund for the unused portion of your last month. However, if you cancel a pre-paid subscription, including any subscription to FreeTime Unlimited received as part of a device purchase, you will not receive any refund, including any partial or prorated refund, for any unused months.
*   For customers who already have a subscription to Amazon FreeTime Unlimited, your active subscription will be automatically replaced as soon as you activate a new Fire Tablet Kids Edition, Kindle Kids Edition or Kids Edition Echo Dot, and you’ll receive one year of FreeTime Unlimited from that time. Learn more.
*   As a subscriber to FreeTime Unlimited, you may access content from an available list of titles for so long as you are a subscriber to the program. The content available in the FreeTime Unlimited subscription may change at any time. We cannot guarantee that any specific book, movie, TV show, app, skill, game, or other content will remain available via the subscription, and certain content is only available on compatible devices. If your subscription ends, you will no longer have access to any titles from the program.
*   We may terminate your access to the FreeTime Unlimited subscription at our discretion without notice. If we do so, we will give you a prorated refund. However, we will not give any refund for termination related to conduct that we determine, in our discretion, violates any applicable law or terms of use, involves fraud or misuse of the subscription, or is harmful to our interests or another user. Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with these Terms will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.
*   **Disputes/Binding Arbitration. Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to this Agreement or FreeTime Unlimited is subject to the binding arbitration, governing law, disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, and all other terms in the Amazon.com Conditions of Use. You agree to those terms by accepting these Terms or using FreeTime Unlimited.**

Was this information helpful?

Yes No

Thank you for your feedback.

Please select what best describes the information:

This information is confusing or wrong This isn't the information I was looking for I don't like this policy Submit

Thanks! While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help.