Service Agreement
=================

1.  **Service**. Infolinks will enable the provision of commercial advertisements and links on Publisher’s Site(s) (the “**Service**”) by placing Java Script tags within Publisher’s Site(s), as defined in Section 2 below.
2.  **Publisher Site Approval**. Publisher may implement the Service only in such websites listed in Schedule A attached hereto (hereinafter “**Publisher’s Site(s)**”). Any change or amendment to Schedule A must be done in writing and approved in advance by Infolinks. No Service shall be provided on secure/sensitive pages as shall be determined by Infolinks in its sole discretion.
3.  **Payment**. Publisher will receive as a payment a Revenue Share, as defined herein.
4.  **Terms and Conditions**. The terms and conditions and definitions detailed below in sections 5 through 15 and the privacy policy which can be found at [http://www.infolinks.com/privacy-policy](http://www.infolinks.com/privacy-policy) are included as a binding part of this Agreement.
5.  **Payment Terms and Definitions**.
    1.  **Definitions**
        1.  “**Gross Revenue**” means the total revenue actually received by Infolinks resulting from (i) advertiser payments made directly to Infolinks by advertisers for Qualified Clicks/valid impressions, or (ii) payments made directly to Infolinks by its third party business partners for the average monthly price per click for Qualified Clicks, as defined below, for categories of advertising on designated Publisher Sites; in both cases of (i) and (ii) after deducting any taxes or fees that Infolinks is required to pay or collect in relation to the supply of Services, including but not limited to any credit card processing fees, bad debt and charge-backs, commissions or discounts allowed or paid to advertising agencies or sales staff, refunds to advertisers and third party business partners and other payments to third parties if applicable.
        2.  “**Qualified Clicks**” means a click that occurs when a bona fide Internet user clicks on a commercial in-text link that appears in one of the websites listed in Schedule A, and is brought to an advertiser’s website. Qualified Clicks do not include clicks that result from a robot, spider, software, or other mechanical, artificial or fraudulent means as reasonably determined by Infolinks, or clicks made by a person who is paid or deceptively motivated to click on such links.
        3.  “**Revenue Share**” means the percentage of the Gross Revenues to be paid to Publisher, related to the number of Qualified Clicks on ads displayed on Publisher Site(s), the number of valid impressions of ads displayed on your Publisher Site(s), or other valid events performed in connection with the display of ads on your Publisher Site(s), in each case as determined by Infolinks in its sole discretion.
        4.  “**Service**” means the provision of commercial in-text advertisement links on Publisher’s Site(s) by placing Java Script tags within Publisher’s Site(s) and of any other type of contextual advertisements provided by Infolinks, including but not limited to units of InTag links and InFold (all of which are included herein as part of the general term “**in-text advertisement links**”).
    2.  **Revenues**.
        1.  Publisher will be entitled to review a finalized revenue statement prepared by Infolinks for the payment due to Publisher for the immediately preceding month within fifteen (15) days after the end of each calendar month. Such report shall be placed within Publisher’s web account (see Reporting) and no other records will be deemed relevant for payment calculations or determinations hereunder. Infolinks will (directly or through a third party payment processor) pay Publisher in accordance with such revenue statement, forty five (45) working days following the end of the calendar month for which payment is due only if the earned balance in the Publisher’s account equals or exceeds the Payment Threshold. “**Payment Threshold**” shall be determined by Infolinks at is sole discretion based on the payment method selected by Publisher. Once the earned balance exceeds the Payment Threshold, Infolinks will pay (directly or through a third party payment processor) the entire balance amount subject to Infolinks’ receiving payment by its advertisers and subject to the other provisions of this Agreement.
        2.  Publisher acknowledges and agrees that Infolinks may, at its sole discretion, discount, credit back or accrue a credit against payments made to Publisher: in (1) circumstances in which it believes that the performance related to any revenues generated in connection with the Service provided to Publisher are fraudulent or invalid in nature or, (2) if Infolinks was charged or credited back by the advertisers or media company or (3) if Publisher violates Infolinks’ content guidelines as per Section 10 of this Agreement. In addition, Publisher further acknowledges that once determined by Infolinks in its sole discretion, that during any given month, an unreasonable volume of Publisher’s traffic was suspicious, fraudulent, inappropriate or invalid in nature, Infolinks will be entitled to withhold the entire amount payable to Publisher for such month, and Publisher waives any claims in connection therewith.
        3.  Any dispute regarding a payment from Infolinks hereunder must be submitted to Infolinks in writing within sixty (60) days of the date on which the amounts are available to the Publisher via the reporting system, otherwise, it shall be deemed waived.
        4.  Publisher expressly acknowledges and understands that in order to receive payment from Infolinks, they must submit a valid tax form, including a W-8 or W-9, as applicable, and provide Infolinks with a valid payment method. In the event Publisher fails to submit a valid tax form as described herein or provide Infolinks with a valid payment method, and Publisher has not generated any revenue under this Agreement for three (3) consecutive months, any payments due Publisher pursuant to this Agreement will be forfeited. Publisher expressly acknowledges that in the event any payments due Publisher are forfeited pursuant to this Agreement, said payments will become the sole property of Infolinks and Publisher waives any rights to same.
    3.  **Taxes**. All payments due under this Agreement are exclusive of taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including without limitation VAT) (collectively, “**Taxes**”). Publisher will be responsible for payment of all Taxes and any related interest and penalties resulting from any payments made hereunder.
    4.  **Payment Method**. All payments due under this Agreement will be paid to Publisher through the payment method chosen by Publisher from the payment methods available on the Infolinks website either directly or through a third party payment processors to which Infolinks will provide the payment details.
6.  **Reporting**. The Revenue Share payable to Publisher will be solely based on Infolinks’ reporting system. Infolinks will provide Publisher with a login ID to a reporting interface that will enable Publisher to view an estimate of the Gross Revenues earned under this Agreement. Publisher acknowledges and agrees that the Gross Revenue amounts are based solely on Infolinks’ final reported numbers and on no other source.
7.  **Term, Termination and Renewal.**
    1.  The term of the Agreement will commence on the Effective Date, and subject to termination as provided below, will remain in effect for a period of thirty (30) days thereafter (“**Trial Term**”). During the Trial Term, either party may terminate the Agreement by written notice and such termination will take effect immediately. Upon completion of the Trial Term, the Agreement will automatically renew and will remain in force for successive twelve (12) month period each (collectively with the Trial Term, the, “**Agreement Term**”). During the Agreement Term, either party may terminate this Agreement for any reason at any time upon five (5) business day prior written notice. Infolinks may also choose, in its sole discretion to suspend the Publisher’s account, without terminating the Agreement.
        
        If Publisher disables or does not implement the Infolinks Service without the appropriate notice of termination outlined above, Infolinks reserves the right to revoke the Publisher’s account and withhold any and all outstanding payments (including any earned balance) due to Publisher under this Agreement.
        
    2.  Upon expiration or termination of the Agreement: (i) all undisputed payments that have accrued prior to expiration or termination will be payable in full within forty five (45) days thereof; provided that in the event the balance of the account upon expiration or termination of the Agreement is below the Payment Threshold, any sums accrued in the Publisher’s account will be forfeited by Publisher and Publisher will have no claim, right title or interest to any such monies; (ii) all rights and licenses of Publisher under the Agreement will terminate; and (iii) Infolinks’ obligations relating to the Software and Service will terminate.  
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, without limiting rights and remedies available to Infolinks, in its sole discretion, may withhold payment to Publisher at any time during the terms of this Agreement or thereafter, if Publisher breaches the Agreement (including without limitation, if Publisher commits fraud against Infolinks and/or if Publisher gave incorrect personal details and/or invalid billing information).
8.  **License to Use Commercial Technology and Ownership**. a) Infolinks hereby grants to Publisher a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the Commercial Technology and Software (“**Software**”), provided by Infolinks, that enables the Service to run on the Publisher Sites(s), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions provided to Publisher with the Software. Infolinks expressly reserves all rights in and to the Software not expressly granted herein. (b) Title to the Software shall not pass to Publisher in any circumstances. Publisher will not copy, translate, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise reproduce or modify, add to or otherwise change the Software, without Infolinks’ specific written authorization. Publisher agrees and undertakes not to use the Software on any site which is a secure and/or sensitive site (or pages within).
9.  **Non-Disclosure**. This Agreement as a whole, and any of the terms mentioned in it are confidential and cannot be disclosed to any third party without an explicit written consent by the other side, provided that it is hereby agreed by the Publisher that Infolinks may disclose the terms of this Agreement to any third party payment processor on its behalf and/or any of its investors and/or potential investors.
10.  **Representations and Warranties**. Publisher represents and warrants that (a) all of the information provided by Publisher to Infolinks, including without limitation, payment instructions, billing information, and personal details, is correct and current; and (b) Publisher is the owner of each Publisher Site or that Publisher is legally authorized to act on behalf of the owner of such Publisher Site(s) for the purposes of this Agreement; (c) Publisher has all necessary right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the acts required of Publisher hereunder. In case Publisher is an individual it also represents that he/she is at least 18 years old or the legal age of majority in the jurisdiction in which Publisher reside, (d) it and any company, person or other entity controlling Publisher or under the control of Publisher and/or under common control with the Publisher, have not been terminated in the 24 months preceding the date of this Agreement, by any other monetization platform (such as Google AdSense, Right Media Exchange, Pubmatic, Rubicon, etc.), and (e) Publisher grants Infolinks and its partners the right to crawl data within Publisher site(s). Publisher further represents and warrants that each Publisher Site and any material displayed therein: (i) complies with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations; (ii) does not breach and has not breached any duty toward or rights of any person or entity including, without limitation, rights of intellectual property, publicity or privacy, or rights or duties under consumer protection, product liability, tort, or contract theories; (iii) is not Adult, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, infringing, abusive, or includes illegal content, does not promote hate or discrimination, facilitates the sale of firearms or illegal drugs, or participates or encourages participation in illegal activities, is not directed to users under 13 years of age or that does not collect information from users actually known to be under 13, (iv) abides by an appropriate privacy policy. Such privacy policy must provide clear notice of Publisher’s use of methods to collect and use user data, including Infolinks and its partners’ methods. Publisher agrees to take responsibility for obtaining any required user consent on behalf of itself, and Infolinks with respect to (a) passing precise geo location and user device identification of its users to Infolinks and its partners, and (b) third party cookies, including without limitation, ensuring users are clearly informed about third party cookies and promptly notifying Infolinks in the event a user opts out of having third party cookies dropped. Publisher further agrees it will provide end-users with a conspicuous link to a functional opt-out page, which may include, an industry-standard opt-out page such as the Network Advertising Initiative’s page accessible via its consumer website at http://www.networkadvertising.org or where most users of Publisher are EU-based, to the Internet Advertising Bureau’s opt-out page at http://www.youronlinechoices.com. where and to the extent required by applicable law and/or regulation.
    
    INFOLINKS MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WITH RESPECT TO ADVERTISING AND OTHER SERVICES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS THE WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
    
11.  **No Guarantee**. Infolinks makes no guarantee regarding the level of impressions of, or clicks on any ad, the timing of delivery of such impressions and/or clicks, and the relevancy of the commercial in-text links or the ads shown under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Infolinks makes no guarantee that any commercial in-text links will appear on any page of the Publisher Site(s), and consequently there is no guarantee that this Agreement will generate any revenue for the Publisher.
12.  **Publicity and Collection of Information**. Publisher agrees that Infolinks may use Publisher name and logo in presentations, marketing materials, customer lists, financial reports and website listings of customers. Publisher also agrees that Infolinks may use its tags to enable third parties to collect information about the use of Publisher Site(s) through the use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies, including but not limited to third parties that collect statistical information in order to provide analytical services and third parties that collect non-personally identifiable information in order to provide targeted advertisements.
    
    Pursuant to Section XII(d)(i) of the Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising for Media Buys One Year or Less – Version 3, Publisher authorizes Infolinks’ Repurposing of the Collected Data to and development of derivative products (the “Derivative Products”) using such Collected Data, provided that (A) no Site Data will be included in Collected Data (other than (i) timestamp of visit, (ii) IP address, (iii) referring URL, (iv) device (e.g., mobile, tablet, or desktop), (v) operating system (e.g., windows, IOS, etc..), (vi) user agent string, and (B), to the extent such Collected Data is presented to third parties, such data will be presented without reference to Publisher or its Publisher Sites, other than URL which may include Site Data. All defined terms in this paragraph shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the American Association of Advertising Agencies and Interactive Advertising Bureau Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising Media Buys One Year or Less, Version 3.0, currently available at [https://www.iab.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/IAB\_4As-tsandcs-FINAL.pdf](https://www.iab.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/IAB_4As-tsandcs-FINAL.pdf).
    
13.  **Indemnification**. Publisher agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Infolinks, its affiliated entities, successors, assigns, as well as their directors, officers, employees, agents and authorized representatives from and against any costs, losses, liabilities and expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) that Infolinks may suffer, incur or be subjected to by reason of any legal action, arbitration or other claim by a third party arising out of or as a result of a breach of Publisher’s representations, warranties and agreements made under this Agreement.
14.  **Limitation of Liability**. THE SERVICE IS MADE AVAILABLE TO PUBLISHER “AS IS” AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THOSE ARISING BY LAW, STATUTE, USAGE OF TRADE, OR COURSE OF DEALING. ALTHOUGH INFOLINKS WILL MAKE REASONABLE COMMERCIAL EFFORTS TO ENSURE THAT THE RELEVANT ADS ARE SERVED TO END USERS VISITING PUBLISHER PAGES, PUBLISHER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT SUCH PROCESS IS BEING AFFECTED BY AUTOMATED MEANS, AND INFOLINKS IS NOT RESPONSIBLE, NOR DOES IT GIVE ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION AS TO THE OUTCOME OF SUCH PROCESS. INFOLINKS DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT IT WILL HAVE RELEVANT ADS FOR ANY GIVEN PUBLISHER PAGE AND INFOLINKS DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICE OR THE OPERATION THEREOF WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR WILL MEET PUBLISHER’S NEEDS. NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES AND ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUES, LOSS OF SAVINGS, LOSS OF CLIENTELE, LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, WHETHER UNDER TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHER THEORIES OF RECOVERY, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY WAS OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OR ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND IN NO EVENT WILL INFOLINKS’S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT FROM ANY CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER WILL EXCEED THE AGGREGATE AMOUNTS ACTUALLY PAID UNDER THIS AGREEMENT TO PUBLISHER DURING THE THREE (3) MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE. Infolinks is not responsible for any web sites that can be linked to from the ads or for the results of any act or omission of any Advertiser or any other Infolinks provider.
15.  **Miscellaneous**.
    1.  Any notice by Infolinks required or permitted hereunder may be posted by Infolinks on its website, sent to Publisher by email or by mail, as Infolinks may elect. Any notice by Publisher required or permitted hereunder shall be sent to Infolinks by mail.
    2.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties concerning the subject matter hereof.
    3.  Infolinks may change the terms of this Agreement from time to time, in its sole discretion, upon posting notice at https://www.infolinks.com. Publisher’s continued use of the Service shall constitute its consent to any changes made. If Publisher does not agree to the new or different terms, it should provide a written notice to Infolinks to such extent, and the Agreement shall immediately terminate on the date Infolinks receives such notice.
    4.  Publisher may participate in Infolinks’ Referral Program pursuant to Schedule B annexed hereto and incorporated by reference.
    5.  Neither party may assign this Agreement, nor any right under or obligation pursuant to this Agreement, without the other party’s prior written consent which shall not be unreasonably withheld, except that Infolinks may assign this Agreement and/or its rights and obligations under this Agreement within the context of its merger, acquisition or other transaction of similar nature.
    6.  This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of law principles. In any dispute under this Agreement, each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in New York County, New York.
    7.  No waiver by a party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other breach of that or any other provision of this Agreement.
    8.  Each party will perform its obligations as an independent contractor and will be solely responsible for its own financial obligations.
        
        **IN WITNESS WHEREOF**, the parties have cause this Service Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date by their duly authorized representatives.