GENERAL TERMS OF SERVICE
========================

Last Updated: February 16, 2026

1.  Introduction
    
    1.  **General Terms.** Before you begin, please read these General Terms of Service ("**General Terms**") carefully. These General Terms govern the use of and access to Nord's websites ("**Websites**"). These General Terms also govern your use of and access to the NordVPN, NordPass, NordLocker, and other services, as well as any Software (as defined below) provided by Nord (collectively, the "**Service**" or "**Services**").
    2.  **Subscription.** All our paid Services are provided on a recurring subscription basis ("**Subscription**"). This means that the provision of the Services will auto-renew at the end of the initial Subscription period (unless you cancel it before the billing date) and will require recurring payments at the frequency stated at the time of purchase. For a summary of key aspects related to your Subscription, please read the [Subscription Terms](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/terms-of-service/subscription/).
    3.  **Terms.** These General Terms, the Subscription Terms, and any applicable Service-Specific Terms (see Section 2 of the General Terms below) are collectively referred to as the "**Terms**".
    4.  **Nord.** For the purpose of the Terms, "**Nord**," "**we**," "**us**," or "**our**" means nordvpn S.A., PH F&F TOWER, 50th Street & 56th Street, Suite #32-D, Floor 32, Panama City, Republic of Panama.
    5.  **Privacy.** For information on how we collect and process your personal data, please read our [Privacy Policy](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/privacy-policy/). Our Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Terms.
2.  Your agreement with Nord
    
    1.  **Binding legal agreement.** Please note that the Terms constitute a binding legal agreement between Nord and you or those you legally represent ("**you**"). You agree to be bound by these Terms by either: (i) creating a user account and/or other accounts to use the Services ("**Account**"); (ii) downloading Software or accessing/using its Services and Websites; or (iii) otherwise electronically agreeing to be bound by these Terms.OUR SERVICES ARE OFFERED TO YOU CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS. PLEASE READ ALL OF THEM CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OR ANY PROVISIONS CONTAINED HEREIN, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS AND USE OUR SERVICES AND/OR WEBSITES.
    2.  **Service-Specific Terms.** In addition to the General Terms, other terms, conditions, and limitations specific to certain Services ("**Service Specific Terms**") apply to your use and access to such Services:
        
        •[NordVPN Additional Terms](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/terms-of-service/nordvpn/)
        
        •[NordPass Additional Terms](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/terms-of-service/nordpass/)
        
        •[NordLocker Additional Terms](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/terms-of-service/nordlocker/)
        
        •[NordLabs Additional Terms](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/terms-of-service/nordlabs/)
        
        By using the Services, you also agree to the Service-Specific Terms applicable to their respective Service(s). If there is any conflict or inconsistency between clauses in the Terms and Service-Specific Terms, the Service-Specific Terms prevail in relation to that specific Service(s).
    3.  **Services.** Our Services are usually provided for payment. We may also offer versions of certain Services free of charge. The Terms apply to both types of Services.
    4.  **Eligibility.** By accessing or using the Services/Websites (including by registering an Account), you represent and warrant that (i) you are eighteen (18) or more years of age; (ii) you will use the Services/Websites in accordance with the Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and internal laws, rules, and regulations; and (iii) you are fully able (with all the required rights and powers) to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms, and to abide by and comply with them.
    5.  **Updates to the Terms.** We continue to develop our Services and Websites, introducing new features or modifying current ones. As a result, we may need to update the Terms by amending them from time to time (i) to comply with the law; (ii) to comply with orders/recommendations of competent authorities; (iii) to add additional functionality, services, features, technologies, and/or benefits, or to remove old ones; (iv) to correct errors and bugs; (v) to clarify the Terms; (vi) to prevent abuse or harm; (vii) for any other valid reason (e.g., for security reasons). You acknowledge and agree that it is your obligation to review the Terms from time to time in order to stay informed of the current rules and obligations. We will notify you of any material changes to the Terms that affect your rights or obligations in advance by reasonable means (such as in-app notifications, messages on our Websites, or by email). Unless stated otherwise, each update to the Terms comes into force on the date listed above, when the amended Terms are published. Your continued use of the Services/Websites will be treated as acceptance of the amended Terms. You can end your relationship with us at any time after the effective date of the updated Terms by deleting your Account and/or not accessing our Websites.THE TERMS MAY CHANGE, SO IT IS IMPORTANT TO REVIEW THE TERMS PERIODICALLY.
3.  Subscription and auto-renewals
    
    1.  **Subscription.** All our paid Services are provided on a recurring Subscription basis. You choose one of the offered Subscription periods and the payment method from the available options at the time of purchase. Please review [Subscription Terms](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/terms-of-service/subscription/) for key aspects.
    2.  **Automatic renewal.** After the end of your chosen initial Subscription period, your Subscription will automatically renew for a defined successive Service period, unless you have cancelled automatic renewal before the billing date as described in the "Automatic Renewal Cancellation and Refund Policy" section below and in the [Subscription Terms](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/terms-of-service/subscription/). If you do not cancel the automatic renewal of the Subscription in due course, your chosen payment method will be charged the price valid at the time of the automatic renewal of your Subscription.
4.  Your user account
    
    1.  **Creating an Account.** To access and use any of our Services, you must set up an Account by providing certain information (such as your email address and password). It is your responsibility to ensure that all the information you provide is complete, accurate, true to the facts, and kept up to date.
    2.  **No sharing of Accounts**. You may not transfer or otherwise commercially exploit your Account.
    3.  **Confidentiality of and access to the Account.** You agree that you are solely responsible for any and all usage and activities that occur under your Account (including passwords). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account, and for preventing any third party from accessing/using your Account. We are not liable for any losses incurred by you or any other party as a result of any unauthorized use of your Account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Account.
5.  Prices and payments
    
    1.  **Total price.** The Service prices may be initially displayed to you exclusive of taxes. Due to the global nature of our Services and the mobility of consumers, we might not be able to identify the taxes applicable to you in advance. Therefore, we can calculate additional mandatory taxes (such as sales tax, value-added tax, or another mandatory tax under laws applicable to you) only after you choose your tax residence country. In any case, we will display the sum of the additional taxes applicable to your purchase (along with the total price of your payment) before charging you.
    2.  **Payments.** You agree to pay us for any paid Services you purchase from us, as well as all other charges incurred under your Account (including any applicable taxes and fees associated with your purchase of the Services). We may suspend or cancel the Services if we do not receive a full payment from you on time. Suspension or cancellation of the Services for non-payment could result in you losing access to and use of your Account and its content.
    3.  **Recurring payments.** When you purchase the Services on a Subscription basis (e.g., monthly, annually, or otherwise), you agree that (i) the Services will auto-renew until you or we cancel the auto-renewal; (ii) you are authorizing recurring payments; (iii) the payments will be made to Nord using your provided payment method and at the recurring intervals you have agreed to. Please review [Subscription Terms](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/terms-of-service/subscription/) for key aspects.
    4.  **Payment methods.** To purchase the Services directly through us on our Websites, you must provide a valid payment method accepted on our Websites (such as a credit or debit card). By providing Nord with a payment method, you represent that you are authorized and have the legal right to use the provided payment method, and that any payment information you provide is true and accurate.
    5.  **Changes of payment details.** If any of your payment details change (like the card number or its expiry date), please update these details in your Account as soon as possible so that we can continue to provide the Services when it comes time to renew your Subscription. If you update the payment details in your Account, the updated information will be regarded as your preferred method for any future payments. Sometimes we receive updated credit or debit card information from your payment card issuer or the card network, which Nord will use to update your payment details automatically. Following any update to your payment method, you authorize Nord to charge this updated payment method.
    6.  **Payment processing.** Nord reserves the right to (i) retry failed payments to complete transactions, including (but not limited to) retrying failed cards with extended expiration dates; (ii) verify credit/debit card payments prior to completing your purchase for payment fraud prevention; and (iii) change authorized payment service providers to facilitate payment processing.
    7.  **Billing.** You can view your billing history and manually generate the receipts and invoices for our Services at any time in your Account (log in to your Account, open the "Billing" section, go to the "Billing history" tab, and click "Get invoice"). If you have any questions related to payments, please contact us using the details provided in the "Contact us" section.
    8.  **Payment providers.** Purchases may be handled by different payment companies based on the payment method and your jurisdiction. For example: payments for residents of the European Union are mainly processed by NordSec B.V. (registered at Fred. Roeskestraat 115, 1076 EE Amsterdam, the Netherlands), exclusively for PayPal payments; payments for residents of the United Kingdom are mainly processed by Moonflash Limited (registered at Regent House, 316 Beulah Hill, London, United Kingdom, SE19 3HF); payments for residents of the United States and Mexico are mainly processed by Lagosec, Inc. (registered at 16192 Coastal Highway, Lewes, Delaware 19958, County of Sussex, United States); payments for residents of Brazil are mainly processed by Cyberpost Intermediacao de Negocios S.A. (registered at Rua Fernando Machado 73, Sala 203, Centro, Florianopolis, Santa Catarina, CEP 88.010-510, Brazil); payments for residents of Japan are mainly processed by Nord Security JP Co., Ltd (registered at 22F Shibuya Mark City 1-12-1, Dogenzaka, Shibuya City, Tokyo, Japan); payments for residents of Australia are mainly processed by CyberQuay Pty Ltd (registered at LEVEL 41, 161 Castlereagh str., Sydney, NSW, 2000, Australia); payments for residents of Canada are mainly processed by cyberpost Inc. (registered address 33 Bay Street Suite 2400, Toronto, Ontario, M5H 2T6, Canada). To find out more on how payment companies process your personal data, please refer to our [Privacy Policy](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/privacy-policy/).
    9.  **Change of prices.** We may, at our reasonable discretion, change the price of our paid Services (including Subscription renewal prices) from time to time to reflect the changing total costs associated with our Services (such as licensing, technical provision, distribution costs, state-imposed fees, contributions, taxes, and duties). Any changes to prices will not affect your current Subscription period and will only affect you when renewing the Subscription. We will notify you in advance of such changes, and you will have the opportunity to cancel the auto-renewal of your Subscription prior to incurring the new charges. We may not be able to give you advance notice of changes to applicable taxes, however. Subject to the applicable law, (i) if you disagree with any proposed change of the renewal price, your sole remedy is to cancel the automatic renewal of your Subscription before the billing date, and (ii) your continued use of the Services without canceling the automatic renewal of your Subscription constitutes your agreement to pay the new renewal price for the Services.
    10.  **Free trials.** In some cases, we (or others on our behalf) may offer a free trial for our paid Services prior to charging your payment method ("**Free Trial**"). The availability of a Free Trial is not guaranteed and the Free Trial offered may be subject to additional terms accompanying the promotional offer (including eligibility criteria, length, and other specific conditions). To the extent permitted under the applicable law, we reserve the right to modify or withdraw the Free Trial offer to new users at any time without notice.If your Subscription includes a Free Trial, you will not be charged for your Free Trial; however, you may be required to provide a payment method. You acknowledge and agree that at the end of the Free Trial the Services will automatically convert into a paid Subscription and your provided payment method will be charged the then-applicable Subscription price (unless you cancel the Free Trial prior to its expiration). Thereafter, the Subscription will continue to auto-renew until you cancel it.If you cancel the Free Trial before it ends, you will lose access to the subscription-based features of the Services at the end of the Free Trial period. If the Free Trial was provided by a third party, the cancellation must be completed through that third party and is subject to their terms and conditions. We reserve the right to limit each user to one Free Trial for our paid Services and to prevent the combination of Free Trials with other promotions.
6.  Automatic renewal cancellation and refund policy
    
    1.  **Automatic renewal cancellation.** You have the right to cancel the automatic renewal of your Subscription for the upcoming Service renewal period. To prevent the auto-renewal and the related charge, please cancel the auto-renewal before the billing date. When you cancel the auto-renewal of your Subscription, you are only canceling future charges associated with this Subscription. You will continue to receive access to the Services until the end of the remaining Subscription period.Please note that cancelling auto-renewal will stop future charges, but it does not automatically entitle you to a refund of (i) any fees that you have already paid or (ii) any remaining period of your current Subscription, unless the applicable law provides otherwise.
    2.  **Refund.** If you are not satisfied with our Services, you may terminate the Services contract and request a refund within thirty (30) days following your purchase of our Services ("**Money-Back Guarantee**"). Please note that terminated Services contracts may be refunded on the basis of the Money Back Guarantee only within thirty (30) days following your initial purchase. Once a Services contract is renewed after the initial Service period, it cannot be refunded on the basis of the Money-Back Guarantee, unless the applicable law provides otherwise (please refer to "Pro rata refund" section below). To the extent permitted under the applicable law, we reserve the right not to issue the aforementioned refund in the event of a breach of section 8 ("Prohibited and restricted use") and/or section 16.11 ("Export control and sanctions").
    3.  **Pro rata refund.** A Subscription for a period longer than one (1) month that has been renewed and purchased from Germany, Netherlands, or the United Kingdom, is eligible for either: (i) a full refund, if the refund request is made within thirty (30) days of being charged for automatic renewal; or (ii) a pro rata (partial) refund for the period left in your renewed Subscription (beginning the month after you request the refund), if the aforementioned thirty (30) days term has passed. If you believe that the laws of your country of residence also grant you a right to a pro rata refund, please contact us using the details provided in the "Contact us" section.
    4.  **Payment of the refund.** Your request will be processed without any unreasonable delay and the refund will be paid using the same payment method as the one used for the purchase (unless mutually agreed otherwise), unless the applicable law or the relevant payment service providers we rely on prohibits such processing. For payments made in cryptocurrency, the refund will be made in the same cryptocurrency (or in another cryptocurrency if the one used for the purchase becomes unavailable or impractical to use). The amount to be refunded in cryptocurrency will be calculated based on the equivalent of the price paid in USD at the time of purchase. Payments made using prepaid cards or gift cards will not be refunded if such refunds are not supported by the provider of the card. Once the refund has been issued to you, your Services contract will be terminated and you will lose access to the Services for which you were refunded.
    5.  **Refund eligibility.** You are eligible to get a refund for our Services under the Money-Back Guarantee according to section 6.2 of these General Terms. If you get a refund for a particular Service and purchase it again later, the Money-Back Guarantee will not apply to any subsequent Service contract termination. In case you cancel the auto-renewal of your Subscription at any time after the expiration of the respective Money-Back Guarantee period, you will not be refunded the remaining duration of your Subscription (e.g., if you purchase an annual Subscription and you decide to cancel the auto-renewal of your Subscription after two (2) months, you will not be eligible for a refund for the remaining Subscription period, but your Subscription will not be renewed once it ends). Please be advised that our refund process is automated to ensure efficiency and timely response to user requests. If, however, you believe that the decision made by our automated refunds system is incorrect and that you have the right to get a refund in accordance with the applicable law, please contact us using the details provided in the "Contact us" section and our customer support will review your case.
    6.  **Subscriptions purchased via Apple App Store.** Subscriptions purchased via the Apple App Store are subject to Apple App Store refund policies. This means that we cannot grant a refund if you made the purchase through the Apple App Store. Please read Apple's in-app purchase refund policy and/or contact the Apple App Store customer support. If you have purchased an automatically renewing Subscription through the Apple App Store and would like to cancel auto-renewal, you will need to do so in your Apple App Store account directly (see here for instructions: [https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT202039#third\_party](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT202039#third_party)).
    7.  **Subscriptions purchased via other Providers.** Refunds for purchases made via third-party app stores, marketplaces, retailers, and resellers (such as Amazon Marketplace, Amazon Appstore, Google Play, BestBuy, StackSocial) are handled in accordance with that provider's terms of service. The cancellation of auto-renewal for such Subscriptions may also be governed by the applicable provider's terms.
    8.  **Canceling the auto-renewal of a Subscription purchased on our Websites.** If you have purchased an automatically renewing Subscription on our Websites and would like to stop it from automatically renewing, you can do so at any time from your Nord Account (log in to your Account, open the "Billing" section, choose "Cancel Auto-renewal", and confirm the cancellation by clicking "Cancel Auto-renewal").
7.  License terms; Intellectual property
    
    1.  **Software.** To access and use our Services, you may be required to download and install our Software on a supported device. The terms and conditions applicable to the use of such Software are provided below. Pursuant to these General Terms, "**Software**" means any applications for mobile, desktop, smart TV, or other supported devices, any other related software (including any Updates as defined below), and any documentation that accompanies (or is made available in connection with) such Software that is provided by us to you for your use of the Services.
    2.  **Updates**. Nord may provide updates, new releases, revisions, patches, bug fixes, or enhancements to the Software ("**Updates**"). You are responsible for installing such Updates in a timely manner. Nord does not guarantee ongoing support or availability of any previous versions of the Software and continued access to the Services may require that the most recent available version of the Software be installed. Nord is not responsible for any performance issues, security vulnerabilities, or lack of support resulting from your failure to install available Updates. For the avoidance of doubt, the version of the Services and Software available on your Subscription renewal date may be different from the version that was available when you first purchased the Services and were granted the License (as defined below). We provide Updates for operating system versions released within the past two (2) years; supported devices using older operating system versions may not receive Updates or full compatibility.
    3.  **License grant.** Subject to these Terms, we grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, fixed-term license ("**License**") to download, install and use a copy of the Software on a compatible device that you own or control. This License is granted solely for personal, non-commercial use and its validity is based on your continued compliance with the Terms. Any commercial use of the Software is strictly prohibited without our prior written consent. No other right or license, express or implied, of any kind is granted to you under the Terms with respect to the Services and/or Software.
    4.  **Apple requirements.** For the sake of clarity, with respect to the Software that is downloaded from Apple, Inc. ("**Apple**") App Store, the License is limited to the use of such Software on any Apple-branded devices that you own or control, or as otherwise permitted by the usage rules set forth in the Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions.
    5.  **Intellectual Property Rights.** The Software (including any Updates) is owned by, and shall remain the sole property of, Nord and its licensors (as applicable). Nord and its licensors (as applicable) retain all rights and title to, as well as all interest in, all intellectual property rights (whether registered or not registered) in and to the Software and its underlying technology, documentation, and any derivative works, modifications, or improvements of any of the foregoing ("**Intellectual Property Rights**"). For the purposes of these General Terms, Intellectual Property Rights shall mean all intellectual property rights, whether registered or unregistered (as applicable), including (but not limited to): (i) any patent, patent application, trademark, trademark application, trade name, service mark, service mark application, copyright, copyright application, trade secret, know-how, process, technology, development tool, idea, concept, design right, moral right, database right, methodology, algorithm, or invention; (ii) any right to use or exploit any of the foregoing; and (iii) any other proprietary right or intangible asset. The Software is licensed and not sold to you. The Terms do not convey a title to or ownership of the Software (or any copy thereof) to you, but only a right of limited use in accordance with these Terms.
    6.  **Retention of rights.** All rights are reserved unless otherwise explicitly expressed. Nord, Nord Security, NordSec, NordVPN, NordPass, NordLocker, and NordLabs are protected trademarks owned by Nord companies. You are forbidden from registering, adopting, or using (in any other way) trademarks, trade names, symbols, or signs that are either identical or confusingly similar to any trademarks owned by Nord.
    7.  **Feedback.** Under these terms, "**Feedback**" shall refer to any recommendation, idea, proposal, suggestion, review, or other input related to our Services, Software, or Websites. You hereby grant Nord and/or its affiliated companies a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide license to use the Feedback you communicate to us without reimbursement or compensation, without any obligation to report such use, and without any other restriction. You waive (or agree not to enforce) any and all rights that exist now or may exist in the future (including moral and equivalent rights) in relation to Feedback.
8.  Prohibited and restricted use
    
    1.  Your access to and use of the Services and Websites is subject to the Terms and all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. We reserve the right to, at any time and in our sole discretion to suspend and/or terminate the Accounts and/or Services (with or without notice) of any users who violate any applicable laws or the Terms, whether it is a repeated violation or a single instance. For more information, please read the "Suspension and termination" section.
    2.  You agree that you yourself shall not, nor encourage or enable others to:
        
        •use, assist, encourage, or enable others to use the Services/Websites for any unlawful, illicit, illegal, criminal, or fraudulent activities, including (but not limited to) port scanning, sending spam, sending opt-in email, scanning for open relays or open proxies, sending unsolicited email or any version (or type) of email sent in vast quantities (even if the email is routed through third-party servers), launching pop-ups, use of stolen credit cards, credit card fraud, financial fraud, cryptocurrency fraud, cloaking, extortion, blackmail, kidnapping, rape, murder, sale of stolen credit cards, sale of stolen goods, offer or sale of prohibited, military, or dual-use items, offer or sale of controlled substances, identity theft, hacking, pharming, phishing, web crawling, scraping in any form or scale, digital piracy, conducting distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks, harvesting, or other similar activities that otherwise generate large amounts of automated requests over the internet while using the Services, which might negatively affect the provision of our Services to other users;
        
        •use the Services/Websites for any military purpose, including cyber warfare, weapons development, design, manufacture, or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons;
        
        •in any way or form assault, interfere, gain unauthorized access, or deny service to any other network, computer, or node through our Services/Websites;
        
        •exploit children in any way, including through audio, video, photography, digital, or AI-generated content;
        
        •violate, infringe, or misappropriate Nord, our licensors', and/or any other third parties' copyright, other Intellectual Property Rights, privacy, or other legal rights;
        
        •communicate, transmit, store, make available, or share anything that is illegal, abusive, harassing, or otherwise objectionable (objectionable means anything which interferes with the rights of Nord, its users, or other third parties, or causes conditions that are dangerous, hazardous, and detrimental to others, or anything that most users and/or Nord would find to be offensive or inappropriate);
        
        •transmit any viruses or other computer codes, files, programs, instructions, or technological means that disrupt, damage, or interfere with the use of computers or related systems;
        
        •attempt to circumvent any technological measure and/or arrangement implemented by Nord and/or its licensors, or by the owner of the resource or the source of the material that the technological measure protects;
        
        •interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Services/Websites;
        
        •take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
        
        •sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute, or otherwise commercially exploit or make available to any third party the Services, Subscription, and/or Account in any way;
        
        •use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to access our Websites or Services for any purpose, or otherwise exceed reasonable use limits without our prior written permission;
        
        •build a product using similar ideas, features, functions, or graphics of the Services/Websites, or copy any ideas, features, functions, or graphics of the Services/Websites;
        
        •claim that you are the representative or agent of any of the Services, including any of their functions;
        
        •threaten, stalk, harm, or harass others, or promote bigotry or discrimination;
        
        •attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services, Accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to the Services through hacking, password mining, brute force, or any other means;
        
        •violate general ethical or moral norms, good customs, and fair conduct norms;
        
        •use the Services/Websites for anything other than lawful purposes;
        
        •consistently demonstrate disrespectful, threatening, offensive, and/or malicious behavior when communicating with Nord customer support and/or other employees;
        
        •access and use the Services if you have been (or are) prohibited to access the Services, or if your Account has been suspended or terminated for any reason;
        
        •share non-public features or content of the Software and/or Services with any third party;
        
        •advocate, encourage, or assist any third party in doing any of the above, or (to the extent permitted under the applicable law) otherwise violate, attempt to evade, or circumvent the Terms.
        
    3.  You shall also not take any action (in any manner) to jeopardize, limit, or interfere with our ownership and rights with respect to the Services. Except for where it is expressly permitted by the applicable law and the Terms, you receive no right to (nor are you allowed to engage or enable others to engage in) the following: (i) reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, make available over a network, publicly display, or publicly perform the Services, Software, or Websites; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decrypt the Services, Software, or Websites, or make any attempt to derive the code, trade secrets, or other confidential information from the Services, Software, or Websites; (iii) translate, adapt, arrange, or make any other alteration of the Services, Software, or Websites, and reproduce the results thereof; (iv) transfer, distribute, lease, sublicense, or rent the Services, Software, or Websites, and/or your rights granted under the License to any third party; (v) use the Services, Software, or Websites in any manner that is not expressly permitted under to the Terms; (vi) remove or modify markings or any notice of proprietary rights of the Services, Software, or Websites.
    4.  We use tools to identify prohibited activities such as web scraping and to minimize abuse of our Services. These tools are looking for irregular or prohibited usage patterns when new sessions are initiated. Discovery of such patterns may result in the suspension of your Account or any other limitation we deem necessary to secure our infrastructure.
    5.  It is your responsibility to remain informed and understand the laws and regulations of the jurisdiction or venue that concerns you, your actions, and your use of the Services. You acknowledge that you access and use the Services in the country in which you are located at the time of such access, that you use the Services on your own initiative, and that you are solely responsible for complying with the local laws and regulations, as well as the laws and regulations of any country with which or through which you communicate, transmit, or receive data (to the extent that such laws are applicable in your case).
    6.  We encourage you to promptly notify us about any violation of the Terms by Nord users or third parties by contacting us using the details provided in the "Contact us" section. In case of such violations, we may take appropriate action at our sole discretion.
9.  Disclaimer of warranties
    
    1.  You acknowledge that you understand that complex software is never wholly free from defects, errors, and bugs, even if Nord takes reasonable efforts to improve the accuracy and integrity of the Services. We give no warranty or representation that the Services will be wholly free from defects, errors, and bugs, which may cause downtime, loss of data, corrupt data, service delay, mistakes, out-of-date information, or other. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms, we reserve the right to modify, suspend, or terminate access to the Services (or any functionality comprising a part of the Services) at any time. In no event (to the fullest extent permitted under the applicable law) shall we be held liable for making these changes. In exceptional and very limited cases, our Services may be unavailable due to human, digital, mechanical, telecommunication, software, and other failures. We cannot predict or control such downtime or its duration, and therefore (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) disclaim liability for any damages incurred by you due to such downtime.
    2.  You acknowledge and agree that there are inherent risks in relying upon, using, transmitting, or retrieving any data and/or content via the internet, and that you are using the Services and/or Websites at your own risk. We urge you to make sure that you understand these risks before using the Services and/or Websites. Nord disclaims all responsibility and liability for the actions of its users and/or visitors when they access or use the Services and/or Websites.
    3.  THE SERVICES AND WEBSITES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WHATSOEVER REGARDING THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, SUITABILITY, FUNCTIONALITY, AVAILABILITY, OR OPERATION OF THE SERVICES/WEBSITES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE DO NOT HAVE CONTROL OVER YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES/WEBSITES, AND WE DO NOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES/WEBSITES. YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES/WEBSITES AND FOR ANY LOSS OF OR ERRORS IN ANY DATA OR INFORMATION. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING (BUT NOT LIMITED TO) THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING IN THE COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE NEITHER WARRANT NOR REPRESENT THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES/WEBSITES WILL NOT INFRINGE UPON THE RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY, NOR THAT THE SERVICES/WEBSITES WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR YOUR ACCESS OR USE, NOR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES/WEBSITES WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN ADDITION, YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY BY JURISDICTION.
10.  Limitation of liabilities
     
     1.  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER NORD, NOR ANY OF ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS, SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION OF ANY KIND, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOST PROFITS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, COST OF COVER, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE TERMS OR THE USE (OR INABILITY TO USE) THE SERVICES/WEBSITES, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE (EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES). IN ANY CASE, THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF NORD ARISING OUT OF (OR RELATING TO) THE TERMS SHALL NOT EXCEED WHAT YOU PAID TO NORD DURING TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY, AND SHALL NOT INCLUDE ATTORNEY FEES OR COURT COSTS IRRESPECTIVE OF ANY LAWS OR STATUTES THAT MAY PRESCRIBE OTHERWISE.
     2.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAYABLE BY YOU TO NORD HEREUNDER REFLECT THE ALLOCATION OF RISK SET FORTH IN THE TERMS, AND THAT NORD WOULD NOT HAVE ENTERED INTO THE AGREEMENT WITH YOU WITHOUT THE LIMITATIONS ON ITS LIABILITY CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION.
     3.  Some jurisdictions restrict or do not allow the limitation of liability in contracts (e.g., prohibiting the limitation of liability for death or personal injury caused by the other party's negligence, fraud, or fraudulent misrepresentation, willful misconduct, or gross negligence). As a result, certain provisions of this section may not apply to you. In cases where such restrictions on the limitation of liability apply, the liability of Nord shall be limited to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law.
     4.  Nord has implemented security measures aimed at securing the Services/Websites. However, you acknowledge that the internet is not a secure network and that it is possible to impair system reliability despite the security measures implemented by Nord. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Nord shall not be held liable for unpredictable events such as cyber attacks, security breaches regarding the transmission of data, or for performance guarantees regarding the volume and speed of data transmissions. Users are responsible for taking all appropriate measures to protect their own data, software, equipment, and systems, particularly from contamination by any viruses circulating on the internet.
11.  Indemnification
     
     1.  You agree to, at your own expense, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Nord, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, and licensees, from and against any judgments, losses, deficiencies, damages, liabilities, costs, claims, demands, suits, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness fees, and related expenses) incurred in, arising out of, or in any way related to (i) your breach of these Terms; (ii) your (or any other users of your Account) use of the Services/Websites; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including (without limitation) Intellectual Property Rights or any right of privacy; (iv) your violation of any applicable laws, rules, and regulations; (v) your negligence or willful misconduct; or (vi) any other party's access to and use of the Services with your access credentials. Nord shall not be responsible for any delay or disruption to your use of the Services (including any resulting damages) caused by circumstances falling under this section.
12.  Suspension and termination
     
     1.  **Suspension and termination by Nord.** We may suspend (while clarifying or investigating your actions) or terminate your Account and/or your access to the Services if (i) we cannot charge you for an auto-renewed Subscription; (ii) we have justified reason to believe that you have breached "Prohibited and restricted use" section; (iii) we have justified reason to believe that you have breached any applicable laws; (iv) we are required to do so by the law or a competent authority (e.g., where the provision of the Services becomes unlawful in your country of residence or a final court judgment is issued in relation to your use of our Services, Software, or Websites).
     2.  If the situation warrants, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to fix the issue before suspending or terminating your Account and/or your access to the Services. However, if your Account has been suspended, you must contact us for further information. We may (but have no obligation to) suspend your Account for a reasonable period of time before we terminate it permanently.
     3.  Usually, we will send you a prior notice before suspending or terminating your Account and/or your access to the Services. However, we will be unable to send a notice to you prior to terminating your access to our Services in the following limited circumstances: (i) if you are in material breach of "Prohibited and restricted use" section or any applicable laws in such a way as to immediately and seriously endanger us and/or any other third party, or to cause disruption to our Services; (ii) if we are unable to send you notice because you have not provided (or properly updated) your contact details; or (iii) if we are unable to notify you due to the requirements of law and/or orders of the competent authorities.
     4.  Any suspension or termination of your Account and/or your access to the Services by Nord applies to you personally. You may not access our Services through any other Account that you own or create, or through Accounts owned or created by others.
     5.  **Termination by you.** As set out in the "Automatic renewal cancellation and refund policy" section, you may terminate your Services contract at any time and, if applicable, request a refund. For information on deleting your Account, please refer to our [Privacy Policy](https://my.nordaccount.com/legal/privacy-policy/).
     6.  **Effects of suspension or termination.** Upon suspension or termination of your Account and/or Services under the Terms, you will lose access to the Services and you shall cease all use of the Software. Upon the expiration of your Subscription or any termination under the Terms, the License granted in "License terms; intellectual property" section and any other licenses (if any) will immediately terminate without further notice from us. Therefore, you shall cease all use of the Software and Services, as well as delete, destroy, or return all copies of the Software in your possession or control.
     7.  **Survival of termination.** Sections 7 to 15 of these General Terms will survive the termination or expiration of the Terms for any reason, as well as any other sections of the Terms that, either explicitly or by their nature, must remain in effect even after the termination or expiration of the Terms.
13.  Application platform terms
     
     1.  **Apple App Store.** This Section applies to any Software that you acquire from the Apple App Store or use on an iOS device. You acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the following notice regarding Apple:These Terms are concluded between you and Nord, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Services and the content thereof. If you need any support with respect to our Services, please contact us, not Apple as they are under no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to our Services. To the extent that the Services fails to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Service to you; to the maximum extent permitted by law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation with respect to the Services. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Service or your possession and/or use of the Service, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the Service fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any third-party claim that the Service and/or your possession and use of the application infringe that third party's intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms, when using the Service. Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary of these Terms.
     2.  **Other stores.** If our Software is downloaded from any other store, platform, or marketplace (e.g., Google Play, Amazon Appstore, Microsoft Store, Samsung Galaxy Store, HUAWEI AppGallery), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to the customer terms of use of such stores, platforms, and marketplaces. Nord is the licensor of the Software and the provider of the Services, and any third party (e.g., the operator of the store, platform, or marketplace) is not party to the Terms.
14.  Bundled subscriptions and third-party services
     
     1.  **Bundled Subscriptions.** You may purchase a Subscription of a Nord Service bundled with the Subscription of another Nord Service and/or a subscription of Third-Party Services (as described below) ("**Bundled Subscriptions**").
     2.  **Third-Party Services acquired through Nord.** We may offer to acquire third-party products and/or services independently (as a standalone service) or along with our Services (either for a fee or free of charge) as a Bundled Subscription through Nord ("**Third-Party Services**"). In all cases, your billing relationship for such services will be directly with Nord, and any fees charged for them will be billed by us using your provided payment method. Please note that Third-Party Services are governed not only by the Terms, but also by terms of use of the respective third parties (which you also accept and agree to adhere to by acquiring Third-Party Services through Nord). Please review the terms of use and other policies of Third-Party Services carefully and make sure you understand them before you acquire them through Nord. After the acquisition of Third-Party Services through Nord, you may need to follow additional instructions to use them (e.g., to create a separate account). If there is any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of use of Third-Party Services and the Terms concerning Subscription purchase, auto-renewals, prices/payments, contract termination, and/or refunds, the Terms shall prevail.
     3.  **Cancellation of automatic renewal of a Bundled Subscription/Third-Party Services.** You have the right to cancel the automatic renewal of your Bundled Subscription/Third-Party Services for the upcoming renewal period. To prevent the auto-renewal and the related charge, please cancel the auto-renewal before the billing date. After canceling the automatic renewal of your Bundled Subscription, you will lose access to all the Services included in the bundle once the remaining Bundled Subscription period expires. This means that you cannot cancel the auto-renewal of one Service within the Bundle while leaving the others active.
     4.  **Nord Services purchased through third parties.** You may purchase Nord Services along with a third-party service as a bundled subscription offered by third parties. Please review the terms of use and other policies of the third party offering the bundled subscription carefully and make sure you understand them before you buy from them.
15.  Governing law and dispute resolution
     
     1.  **Governing law.** The Terms shall be governed by the law of Panama, excluding its conflicts of laws principles. However, some countries (including countries of the European Union) have laws that require contracts to be governed by the mandatory provisions of the local laws of the consumer's country. In such cases, the mandatory provisions of the local laws of your country of residence shall apply.
     2.  **Out-of-court resolution of disputes.** We always strive to address your concerns without needing formal legal proceedings. Before filing a claim against Nord, please try to resolve the dispute informally by sending us a written notice (using the details provided in the "Contact us" section). Your notice must include your name, a detailed description of the dispute, and the relief you seek. We will try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting you via email. If the dispute is not resolved, you or Nord may bring formal proceedings.
     3.  **Judicial resolution of disputes.** You and Nord agree that any judicial proceedings to resolve claims relating to the Terms will be brought before the courts of Panama. If you reside in a country (including countries of the European Union) where the law provides consumers with the right to bring disputes in their local courts, the mandatory provisions of the local laws of your country of residence shall apply.
16.  Miscellaneous
     
     1.  **Availability of Services.** Nord aims to provide Services at all times and continuously works to improve them. However, the actual coverage, speeds, locations, and quality of Services may vary. Our Services may be not available without a prior notice, including when (i) we test, update, expand, add, or remove our Services, features, and functionalities (including those required to reflect the changes in the relevant laws and regulatory requirements); (ii) we experience temporary interruptions due to technical difficulties, maintenance, or human errors; (iii) we are subject to events beyond our control (e.g., unpredictable weather conditions and other force majeure events).
     2.  **Modification and termination of Services.** We reserve the right to modify or update the operation of the Services at our sole discretion, at any time, for any reason, and without notice or liability. We may also suspend the Services entirely, in which case we will notify you in advance unless extenuating circumstances (such as safety or security concerns) prevent us from doing so. If you have purchased a Service directly from Nord and Nord permanently discontinues it prior to the end of your Subscription period, excluding any discontinuation of ancillary features or functionalities of the Service, Nord will refund you such prepaid fees pro rata based on the remaining Subscription period after the discontinuation (except for cases referred to in section 12.1 of these General Terms). In such a case, your Account and billing information must be up to date in order for us to refund you. Nord has no liability to you, nor any obligation to provide a refund to you, in connection with internet or other service outages or failures that are caused by the actions of the competent authorities, other third parties, or events beyond our control.
     3.  **Severability.** If any provision of the Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid by any competent authority, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the other provisions of the Terms otherwise remain in full force, in effect, and enforceable.
     4.  **Assignment.** You may not assign the Terms (or any rights or interests under the Terms) or delegate any obligations to be performed under the Terms without the Nord's prior written consent. Nord can assign, transfer, and delegate any of its rights and obligations under the Terms to selected third parties without your consent, including (but not limited to) in the event of corporate reorganization, merger, acquisitions, sale, or transfer of all or substantially all of company assets. We will notify you of any material changes that affect your rights or obligations by reasonable means (e.g., by email).
     5.  **Data charges.** You are responsible for any charges that may apply to your use of our Services or Websites, including text messaging and data charges if you access or use the Services or Websites on your mobile or other device. If you're unsure what those charges may be, you should ask your mobile operator, internet, or other service provider before using the Services/Websites.
     6.  **Third-Party Components.** You acknowledge that our Services, Software, and Websites, may incorporate, embed, be combined with, or may otherwise interact with third-party computer programs, applications, services, links, and components ("**Third-Party Components**"). For the avoidance of doubt, "Disclaimer of warranties" and "Limitation of liabilities" sections apply to the foregoing interaction with Third-Party Components. Where our Websites contain links to other websites and/or resources provided by third parties (which include third-party social media websites such as Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn), they are provided for your information only. Please review the third-party website's terms of use and other policies carefully and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction.
     7.  **Linking to our Websites.** You may link to our Websites, provided that you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. However, you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part where none exists.
     8.  **Communication with Nord.** You may provide notices, requests, information, and other communications to Nord via our [customer support](mailto:support@nordaccount.com). You agree to receive communications from us electronically (e.g., by email, through our applications, and customer support platforms) and consent that such notifications will have the same legal power as communication in writing. We may communicate with you in order to advise you about the provision, changes, or additions to the Services, or for other purposes that are reasonable or required by the applicable law. When communicating with our customer support representatives, you agree to be respectful and kind. In addition, you undertake to provide accurate data when you communicate with us and to update your contact details in your Account immediately if they change. Nord shall not be held liable for you not receiving certain notices regarding the Services if you fail to update your contact details.
     9.  **E-sign disclosure and consent**. You consent to receive notices, disclosures, agreements, policies, receipts, confirmations, transaction information, account information, other communications, and changes or updates to any such documents electronically (collectively, the "**Electronic Communications**"). You agree that the Electronic Communications will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
     10.  **Internet connection.** Certain Services may require an active and stable connection to the internet in order to function. It is therefore your responsibility to ensure that you have an active and stable internet connection at all times.
     11.  **Export control and sanctions.** The Services and Software provided by Nord may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including (but not limited to) the Export Administration Regulations of the United States , Regulation (EU) 2021/821 (EU Dual-Use Regulation), Regulation (EU) 833/2014, Regulation (EU) 765/2006 of the European Union , and any other applicable laws, regulations, sanctions, or restrictive measures maintained by the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, or any other country or region in which Nord, its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates are incorporated or operate (collectively referred to as "**Trade Control Laws**").You hereby represent and warrant that:
          
          •You will not directly or indirectly purchase, export, re-export, transfer, divert, release, or otherwise make available any Services or Software, to any person, or use them in any manner, or be involved in any activity that could result in Nord, its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates being in violation of Trade Control Laws.
          
          •You are not located in, nor a resident of, any country or region subject to comprehensive sanctions, embargoes, or restrictions that prohibit or limit the provision of, or any dealings related to, the Services, including (but not limited to) the export, re-export, or transfer of the Software, as imposed by the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, or any jurisdiction in which Nord, its parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates are incorporated or operate.
          
          •You are not a denied party or a specially designated national as defined by Trade Control Laws, nor are you listed (directly or indirectly) on any other restricted or prohibited parties list maintained under Trade Control Laws.
          
          •You are not a military end-user as defined under Trade Control Laws and will not use the Services or Software for military purposes or end-use. You will not export, re-export, transfer, divert, release, or otherwise make available any Services or Software (including technology and products derived from or based on such technology) to any military end-user or in violation of Trade Control Laws.
          
          •You are not subject to any other restrictions that would preclude you from receiving, purchasing, or using the Services or Software.
          
          You agree to comply with the above representations and warranties, and to promptly inform Nord if any of them become false. If Nord determines, in its reasonable discretion, that you have breached or are likely to breach this section, Nord may immediately terminate the Services without liability, and you will not be entitled to a refund or compensation for any unused Services.
     12.  **Exclusions.** Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so some of the limitations above may not apply to you.
     13.  **Prevailing language.** For all intents and purposes, the English language version of the Terms shall be deemed the original, governing instrument and understanding between you and us. In the event of any conflict between this English language version of the Terms and any subsequent translation of them into any other language, the English language version shall prevail.
     14.  **Force majeure**. Nord shall not be in breach of the Terms nor liable for delay in performing (or failing to perform) any obligations under the Terms if such a delay or failure result from unforeseen circumstances, events, or causes beyond Nord's reasonable control (including, without limitation, failures of third-party software (whether open-source or proprietary), failures of your telecommunication or internet service providers, earthquakes, fires, floods, embargoes, labor disputes and strikes, riots, war, novelty of product manufacture or other unanticipated product development problems, and acts of civil and military authorities). In such cases, Nord shall be entitled to a reasonable extension of the time for performing any such obligations under the Terms.
     15.  **No reliance.** The parties acknowledge that no reliance is placed on any representation made but not expressly contained in the Terms.
17.  Contact us
     
     1.  If you have questions regarding the Terms, please contact us at [support@nordaccount.com](mailto:support@nordaccount.com).
     2.  For contacts regarding any allegations of abuse, please see the Service-Specific Terms of each of our Services.