You need to enable cookies on your web browser. What is a cookie? A cookie is a block of text that a website sends to your Internet browser (such as Internet Explorer, Safari or Firefox). To start your free trial, you need to turn on cookies for your browser. To turn on the cookies for your internet browser, we suggest you follow the steps in your browser's help section, options or preferences selections now. Or you can just select a link below. I've enabled cookies Select a link below to find out how to turn on your cookies: Internet Explorer Firefox (PC) Firefox (Mac) Safari (PC) Safari (Mac) Google Chrome (PC) Google Chrome (Mac) Turning on cookies in Internet Explorer: Select "Internet Options" from the settings menu. Click the "Privacy" tab. Click the "Advanced" button. Check the "Override automatic cookie handling" check box. Check the "Accept" check box under "First-party Cookies". Click "OK" on the "Advanced Privacy Settings" window. Click "OK" on the "Internet Options" window. Back to top Turning on cookies in Firefox (PC): Select "Options" from the "Tools" menu. Click the "Privacy" icon. Check the "Accept cookies from sites" checkbox under "Cookies" section. Click "OK" on the "Internet Options" window. Back to top Turning on cookies in Firefox (Mac): Select "Preferences" from the "Firefox" menu. Click the "Privacy" icon. Check the "Accept cookies from sites" checkbox. Close the "Preferences" window. Back to top Turning on cookies in Safari (PC): Select "Preferences" from the "Edit" menu. Click the "Security" icon. Click the "Always" or "Only from sites I visit" button next to "Accept Cookies". Close the "Preferences" window. Back to top Turning on cookies in Safari (Mac): Select "Preferences" from the "Safari" menu. Click the "Privacy" icon. Click the "Never" button next to "Block Cookies". Close the "Preferences" window. Turning on cookies in Google Chrome (PC): Select "Options" from the "Google Chrome" menu. Click the "Under the Hood" tab. Click the "Content settings. . . " button under "Privacy". In "Cookie Settings:", click the "Allow local data to be set (recommended)". Click the "Close" button to close the "Options" window. Turning on cookies in Google Chrome (Mac): Select "Preferences" from the "Google Chrome" menu. Click the "Under the Hood" icon. Click the "Content settings. . . " button under "Privacy". In "Cookie Settings:", click the "Allow local data to be set (recommended)". Close the "Preferences" window. Back to top