**COMCAST AGREEMENT FOR RESIDENTIAL SERVICES**
==============================================

**ABOUT THIS AGREEMENT, OUR SERVICES, AND YOUR RIGHTS**
-------------------------------------------------------

**Xfinity Service(s) will be provided to you and all persons who use the Service and/or Xfinity Equipment (“you,” or “your”) on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (the “Agreement”) and any applicable tariffs, service guides, posted policies and procedures, by an operating subsidiary or affiliate of Comcast Cable Communications, LLC providing such service (“Comcast,” “we,” “us” or “our”). For purposes of this Agreement, “affiliate” means any entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Comcast Cable Communications, LLC. Service(s) may include, but are not limited to, cable television and other video delivery service (“TV”), Xfinity Internet service (“Internet”), Xfinity Voice service (“Voice”) and other such services as Comcast may determine are ancillary to TV, Internet or Voice Services (each a “Service” and collectively the “Services”). The Service(s) provided under this Agreement do not include Xfinity Home, Xfinity Mobile Services, Comcast owned or controlled websites which have their own terms of service and policies that are accessible from those sites.**

**You may not modify this Agreement by making any typed, handwritten, or any other changes for any purpose.**

**Note: THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION IN SECTION 13 THAT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ALL SERVICE(S). THE ARBITRATION PROVISION REQUIRES THAT DISPUTES BE RESOLVED IN INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATIONS OR SMALL CLAIMS COURT PROCEEDINGS. IN ARBITRATION, THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY AND THERE IS LESS DISCOVERY AND APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT.**

**GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS**
--------------------------------

1.  ### **ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT**
    
    **If you use or otherwise indicate your acceptance of the Service(s), you have accepted this Agreement and agree to be bound by its terms.**
    
2.  ### **CHARGES AND BILLINGS**
    
    *   **a. Charges, Fees, and Taxes You Must Pay.** You agree to pay all charges with the Service(s), including, but not limited to, charges for installation, service calls, monthly service, Xfinity Equipment (as defined below), purchases or rentals or other services, measured and per-call charges, applicable federal, state, and local taxes and fees (however designated), fees to recoup any municipal, state and federal government fees or assessments on us, permitted fees and cost recovery charges, or any programs in which we participate, including, but not limited to, public, educational, and governmental access, universal service, telecom relay services for the visually/hearing impaired, rights-of-way access, and programs supporting the 911/E911 system and any fees or payment obligations imposed by governmental or quasi-governmental bodies for the sale, installation, use, or provision of the Service(s). **YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR PAYING ANY GOVERNMENT IMPOSED FEES AND TAXES, WHETHER IMPOSED ON YOU OR US, THAT BECOME APPLICABLE RETROACTIVELY**. We will provide you with notice of applicable pricing contemporaneous with your order and/or activation, including information regarding standard pricing applicable at the end of a promotion via our rate card or other notice. We will provide you with notice of any change in our standard prices or fees or new prices or fees, unless the change in price or new fee is related to a change in governmental or quasi-governmental taxes, fees, or assessments, in which case we may elect not to provide notice except where required by applicable law.
        
        *   **For Internet.** Internet price information and additional terms are available at [https://www.xfinity.com/policies](https://www.xfinity.com/policies) (or an alternative site if we notify you).
            
        *   **For Voice.** Voice price information and additional terms are available at [https://www.xfinity.com/policies](https://www.xfinity.com/policies) and [https://www.xfinity.com/corporate/about/phonetermsofservice/phonetermsofservice](https://www.xfinity.com/corporate/about/phonetermsofservice/phonetermsofservice) (or an alternative site if we notify you).
            
        *   **For Minimum Term Agreements.** If you have agreed to a minimum term agreement, your price for Service(s) will be as specified for the duration of the minimum term agreement.
            
    *   **b. How We Will Bill You.** Unless you are subject to a minimum term, Service(s) are provided to you on a month-to-month basis. You will be billed monthly, advance, for recurring Service charges, equipment charges, and fees. **YOU MUST PAY THE FIRST MONTH’S SERVICE CHARGES, XFINITY EQUIPMENT CHARGES, DEPOSITS, ACTIVATION FEES AND INSTALLATION CHARGES ON OR BEFORE THE DAY WE INSTALL ANY OR ALL OF THE SERVICE(S)**. You may be billed for some Service(s) individually after they have been provided to you; these may include, but are not limited to, measured and per-call charges (as explained below) and charges for pay-per-view movies or events, interactive television, and e-commerce. If you receive Service(s) under a promotion, after the promotional period ends, regular charges for the Service(s) will apply. You should consult our rate card for standard/regular charges. We do not waive our rights to collect the full balance owed to us by accepting partial payment. We will apply the partial payment to outstanding charges in amounts and in the order we determine in our sole discretion.
        
        *   **For Voice.** If you pay a flat monthly fee for your calling plan, that fee may not cover certain types of calls. You will be billed for these excluded call types on a per-call basis (e.g., operator services) or a measured basis (e.g., international calls). See [http://www.xfinity.com/corporate/about/phonetermsofservice/phonetermsofservice](https://www.xfinity.com/corporate/about/phonetermsofservice/phonetermsofservice) for information on per-call charges and the timing of measured-call charges. If your usage charges for Voice exceed typical residential usage charges, we may: (i) require you to make advance payments for Voice, which we may offset against any unpaid balance on your account; (ii) establish a credit limit for usage charges for Voice and/or features; and/or (iii) restrict Voice or features. If you exceed your credit limit, we reserve the right to suspend Voice and require payment for usage charges assessed to your account. Our paper bills for Voice contain only a summary of charges. Detailed information is available for a limited period at a password-protected portion of our website. You may call 1-800-XFINITY for a paper copy of outbound toll call records related to your most recent bill. There may be an additional charge for these copies except where prohibited by applicable law.
            
    *   **c. Third-Party Charges That Are Your Responsibility.** You may incur charges with third-party service providers such as for accessing on-line services, calling parties who charge for their telephone-based services, purchasing or subscribing to other offerings via the Internet or interactive options on your TV Service that are separate and apart from the amounts charged by us. You are solely responsible for all such charges payable to third parties, including all applicable taxes.
        
    *   **d. Alternative Billing Arrangements.** We may agree to provide billing services on behalf of third parties. Any such third-party charges shall be payable pursuant to any contract or other arrangement between you and the third party. We will not be responsible for any dispute regarding these charges between you and such third party.
        
    *   **e. Payment by Credit Card or Check.** Use of any credit card to pay for the Service(s) is governed by the applicable card issuer agreement. If we do not receive payment from your credit card issuer or its agents, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand. If you pay by check, you authorize us to collect your check electronically. You agree that you may not amend or modify this Agreement with any restrictive endorsements (such as “paid in full”), or other statements or releases on or accompanying checks or other payments accepted by us and any such notations shall have no legal effect.
        
    *   **f. Our Remedies if You Pay Late or Fail to Pay.** You may be billed fees, charges, and assessments related to late or non-payments if for any reason we do not receive payment for full amounts billed to you by the due date.
        
        1.  **Late or Non-Payments:**
            
            *   **For Maryland Residents. YOU WILL BE ASSESSED A LATE FEE OF 10% PER MONTH FOR ANY AMOUNT THAT HAS NOT BEEN PAID IN FULL AFTER 45 DAYS FROM THE DATE THE INVOICE WAS SENT, EXCEPT IN GARRETT AND ALLEGANY COUNTIES AND HANCOCK, MD. No more than three (3) monthly late fees will be imposed for any single payment amount that is past due, regardless of the period during which the payment remains past due.**
                
            *   **For Garrett and Allegany County, Maryland Residents. YOU WILL BE ASSESSED A LATE FEE OF $4.95 PER MONTH FOR EACH ACCOUNT THAT HAS NOT BEEN PAID IN FULL AFTER 45 DAYS FROM THE DATE THE INVOICE WAS SENT.**
                
            *   **For Hancock, Maryland Residents. YOU WILL BE ASSESSED A LATE FEE OF $2.00 PER MONTH FOR EACH ACCOUNT THAT HAS NOT BEEN PAID IN FULL AFTER 45 DAYS FROM THE DATE THE INVOICE WAS SENT.**
                
        2.  **Fees Not Considered Interest or Penalties:** We do not anticipate that you will fail to pay on a timely basis, and we do not extend credit to customers. Any fees, charges, and assessments due to late payment or nonpayment are liquidated damages intended to be a reasonable estimate of our costs resulting from late payments and non-payments. These costs will be difficult to calculate or to predict when we set such fees, charges, and assessments, because we cannot know in advance: (a) whether you will pay on a timely basis, if ever; (b) if you do pay late, when you will actually pay; and (c) what costs we will incur because of your late payment or non-payment.
            
        3.  **Collection Costs:** If we use a collection agency or attorney to collect money owed by you, you agree to pay the reasonable costs of collection, including, but not limited to, any collection agency fees, reasonable attorneys’ fees, and arbitration or court costs. **If you change your telephone number or other contact information without notifying us of such change, you agree that you will be responsible for all costs (including attorneys’ fees) and liabilities incurred by us or our collection agent as a result of any attempt to collect any debt through the telephone number or contact information you provided, including any costs or liabilities associated with misdirected calls.**
            
        4.  **Suspension/Disconnect:** If you fail to pay the full amount due for any or all charges then we, at our sole discretion in accordance with and subject to applicable law, may suspend or disconnect any or all the Service(s) you receive without a reduction in the fee or charges for the Service(s).
            
    *   **g. Reconnection Fees and Related Charges.** If you resume Service(s) after any suspension as described, we may require you to pay additional installation or activation fees. These fees are in addition to all past due charges and other fees. Reconnection of the Service(s) is subject to our credit policies, this Agreement and applicable law.
        
    *   **h. Our Right to Make Credit Inquiries. YOU AUTHORIZE US TO MAKE INQUIRIES AND TO RECEIVE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR CREDIT EXPERIENCE FROM OTHERS, TO ENTER THIS INFORMATION IN YOUR FILE, AND TO DISCLOSE THIS INFORMATION TO APPROPRIATE THIRD PARTIES FOR REASONABLE BUSINESS PURPOSES.** We will not discriminate in the application of our credit inquiries and deposit policy on the basis of race, color, sex, creed, religion, nationality, sexual orientation, or marital status. Any risk assessments conducted by either us or by third party credit bureaus will be done in conformance with all applicable laws. We reserve the right to make credit inquiries even after having received a deposit from you with respect to our Services(s).
        
    *   **i. Your Responsibilities Concerning Billing Questions.** Subject to applicable law, if you intend to dispute a charge or request a billing credit, you must contact us within 120 days of the date on the bill or you waive any such disputes or credits.
        
    *   **For Sacramento, California Customers.** Billing errors or other requests for credit must be brought to our attention within 120 days of the time you receive the bill for which you are seeking correction, unless applicable law requires a longer period. We will investigate and respond to all complaints within five (5) business days of the receipt of the complaint, unless an investigation requires a search of historical records in which case we will respond within fourteen (14) business days. If a payment was not credited to your account, a copy of a cancelled check or money order may be required and the disputed amount will be set aside for up to fourteen (14) days.
        
3.  ### **REFUNDABLE DEPOSIT AND REFUNDS**
    
    We may require you to pay a refundable deposit when you activate the Service(s), if you add Xfinity Equipment and/or Service(s) or if you fail to pay any amounts when they are due. Subject to applicable law your deposit will be credited to your account (without interest unless otherwise required by law) the earlier to occur of: (1) your account remains in good standing for twelve (12) months or (2) upon full disconnection of all Services. Refunds shall be provided within thirty (30) days of Service disconnection and the return of all Xfinity Equipment or as otherwise specified by applicable law in an amount equal to the credit balance on your account, if any, minus any amounts due on your account (including without limitation, any amounts owed for the Service(s) or for any Xfinity Equipment that is damaged, altered, or subject to an Unreturned Equipment Fee as defined in Section 9(d)).
    
    **For Prince Georges, Maryland Customers.** Refunds are issued within thirty (30) days of Service disconnection and the return of any Xfinity Equipment or your next billing cycle, whichever is earlier, in a sum equal to the credit balance on your account, if any, minus any amounts due on your account, including, any amounts owed for the Service(s) or for any Xfinity Equipment that is damaged, altered, or subject to an Unreturned Equipment Fee.
    
4.  ### **CHANGES TO SERVICES**
    
    Subject to applicable law, we have the right to change our Service(s), Xfinity Equipment, rates and charges, at any time with or without notice to you. We also may rearrange, delete, add to, or otherwise change programming or features or offerings contained in the Service(s), including, but not limited to, content, functionality, hours of availability, equipment requirements, speed, and upstream and downstream rate limitations. We may deliver any notice concerning changes to the Service(s) and our relationship with you, including notice of any change to this Agreement, in any one or more of the following ways, as determined in our sole discretion: (1) by posting it on [www.xfinity.com](https://www.xfinity.com/) or any other website about which you have been notified; (2) by mail or hand delivery to your Premises; (3) by e-mail to the e-mail address for your account in our records; or (4) by including the information on or with your bill for Service(s). You agree that any one of the foregoing will constitute sufficient and effective notice under this Agreement. Because we may from time to time notify you about important information regarding the Service(s) and this Agreement by these methods, you agree it is your responsibility to regularly check your postal mail, e-mail, service texts, and all postings at [www.xfinity.com](https://www.xfinity.com/) or any other website about which you have been notified. If any material change negatively affects your Service(s), you have the right to cancel your Service(s). Your continued receipt of the Service(s) for more than 30 days after the change, however, will constitute your acceptance of the change.
    
5.  ### **ACCESS TO YOUR PREMISES AND CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT**
    
    *   **a. Premises.** You agree to allow us and our agents the right to enter your property at which the Service(s) and/or Xfinity Equipment will be provided (the “Premises”) at reasonable times, for purposes of installing, configuring, maintaining, inspecting, upgrading, replacing and removing the Service(s) and/or Xfinity Equipment used to receive any of the Service(s). You warrant that you are either the owner of the Premises or that you have the authority to give us access to the Premises. If you are not the owner of the Premises, you are responsible for obtaining any necessary approval from the owner to allow us and our agents into the Premises to perform the activities specified above. In addition, you agree to supply us or our agent, if requested, the owner’s name, address, and phone number and/or evidence that the owner has provided such authorization.
        
        *   **For California West Bay Area and San Francisco, California Customers.** If we fail to keep an appointment with respect to TV, we will credit your account with free installation service call (free of charge), or a minimum credit of $20 if the appointment was for an installation or service call for which a fee was to be charged.
            
        *   **For Sacramento, California Customers.** If we fail to keep an appointment with respect to TV, we will credit your account with one month of Limited Basic up to a maximum credit equal to one month of the Digital Starter price.
            
    *   **b. Customer Equipment.** “Customer Equipment” means software, hardware or services that you choose to use in connection with the Service(s) and that is not provided or leased by us or our agent. Notwithstanding the last sentence, any equipment purchased by you from us (or our agent) and under an express sale agreement shall constitute "Customer Equipment". You agree to allow us and our agents the rights to insert CableCARDs and other hardware in the Customer Equipment, send software and/or “downloads” to the Customer Equipment and install, configure, maintain, inspect and upgrade the Customer Equipment. You warrant you are either the owner of the Customer Equipment or that you have the authority to give us access to the Customer Equipment. If you are not the owner of the Customer Equipment, you are responsible for obtaining any necessary approval from the owner to allow us and our agents access to the Customer Equipment to perform the activities described in this paragraph. In addition, you agree to supply us or our agents, if we ask, the owner’s name, address and phone number and/or evidence that the owner provided such authorization. For avoidance of doubt, "Customer Equipment" does not include Xfinity Equipment for which you have paid an Unreturned Equipment Fee.
        
6.  ### **MAINTENANCE AND OWNERSHIP OF EQUIPMENT AND SOFTWARE**
    
    *   **a. Xfinity Equipment.** “Xfinity Equipment” means all new or reconditioned equipment that we or our agent provides or leases to you, including, but not limited to, cabling or wiring (except for Inside Wiring, as defined in Section 6(c) below) and related electronic devices, modems, routers, CableCARDs, and any other hardware and includes all software and programs contained within Xfinity Equipment or downloaded to Customer Equipment by us. You expressly agree that you will use the Xfinity Equipment exclusively in connection with the Service(s). You agree that all Xfinity Equipment belongs to us or other third parties and will not be deemed fixtures or in any way part of the Premises. We may remove or change the Xfinity Equipment at our discretion at any time the Service(s) are active or following the termination of your Service(s). You acknowledge that any addition to, removal of or change to the Xfinity Equipment may interrupt your Service(s). You may not sell, lease, abandon, or give away the Xfinity Equipment, or permit any other service provider to use the Xfinity Equipment, including Xfinity Equipment for which an Unreturned Equipment Fee has been paid. The Xfinity Equipment may only be used in the Premises unless expressly permitted by us. At your request, we may relocate the Xfinity Equipment for an additional charge. YOU UNDERSTAND AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IF YOU ATTEMPT TO INSTALL OR USE THE Xfinity EQUIPMENT OR SERVICE(S) AT A LOCATION OTHER THAN THE PREMISES OR OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZED BY US, THE SERVICE(S) MAY FAIL TO FUNCTION OR MAY FUNCTION IMPROPERLY. You agree that you will not allow anyone other than us or our agents to service the Xfinity Equipment. You are responsible for loss, repair, replacement and other costs, damages, fees and charges if you do not return the Xfinity Equipment to us in an undamaged condition. For avoidance of doubt, Xfinity Equipment remains Comcast-owned equipment, and Comcast retains title to all Xfinity Equipment, at all times, including but not limited to after payment of an Unreturned Equipment Fee.
        
    *   **b. Customer Equipment.**
        
        1.  **Responsibility:** We have no responsibility for the operation, support, maintenance or repair of any Inside Wiring or Customer Equipment including, but not limited to, Customer Equipment to which we or a third party has sent software or downloads. You agree that by using the Service(s), we, or our authorized agents and equipment manufacturers, are authorized to send code updates to the Customer Equipment, including, but not limited to, modems and digital interactive televisions with CableCARDs, at any time we determine it is necessary to do so. Such code updates may change, add or remove features or functionality of the Customer Equipment or the Service(s).
            
            *   **For Voice.** In order to use online features of Voice where we make those features available, you are required to provide certain hardware, such as a personal computer, software, an Internet browser, and access to the Internet. CORDLESS PHONES USE THE ELECTRICAL POWER IN YOUR HOME. IF THERE IS AN ELECTRICAL POWER OUTAGE, THE CORDLESS PHONE WILL CEASE TO OPERATE DURING THE OUTAGE, PREVENTING USE OF VOICE VIA THE CORDLESS PHONE.
                
        2.  **Non-Recommended Configurations:** Customer Equipment that does not meet our minimum technical or other specifications constitutes a “Non-Recommended Configuration”, including, but not limited to, modems not currently certified by us as compatible with Internet or Voice; Customer Equipment, including, but not limited to: certain makes or models of alarm and security systems or devices, certain medical monitoring devices, personal emergency alert, and home detention devices, certain fax machines, and certain “dial-up” modems, rotary-dial phone handsets, pulse-dial phone handsets, private branch exchange (PBX) equipment, answering machines, and traditional Caller ID units. We reserve the right to deny support for the Service(s) and/or terminate Service(s) if you use a Non-Recommended Configuration. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR AGENTS WARRANTS THAT A NON-RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION WILL ENABLE YOU TO SUCCESSFULLY INSTALL, ACCESS, OPERATE OR USE THE SERVICE(S). YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT INSTALLATION, ACCESS, OPERATION OR USE OF A NON-RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION COULD CAUSE CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT TO FAIL TO OPERATE OR CAUSE DAMAGE TO CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT, YOU, YOUR PREMISES OR XFINITY EQUIPMENT. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR AGENTS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY SUCH FAILURE OR DAMAGE.
            
        3.  **No Unauthorized Devices or Tampering:** You agree not to attach or assist any person to attach any unauthorized device to, or otherwise tamper with, our cable network, Xfinity Equipment or the Service(s) for any purpose, including, but not limited to the unauthorized reception of the Service(s). If you make or assist any person to make any unauthorized connection or modification to or otherwise tamper with Xfinity Equipment or the Service(s) or any other part of our cable network, we may terminate the Service(s) and recover damages resulting from your actions. You also agree that you will not attach anything to the Inside Wiring, Xfinity Equipment, or Customer Equipment, whether installed by you or us, which impairs the integrity of our cable network or degrades our cable network’s signal quality or strength or creates signal leakage. You agree that it would be difficult, if not impossible, to calculate precisely the lost revenue resulting from your receipt of unauthorized Service(s) or the tampering with Xfinity Equipment or our network and therefore you agree to pay us as liquidated damages, the sum of $500.00 per device used to receive the unauthorized Service(s). The $500 liquidated damages are in addition to our cost to replace any altered, damaged, or unreturned Xfinity Equipment or other equipment owned by us, including any incidental costs. The unauthorized reception of the Service(s) may result in criminal fines and/or imprisonment.
            
    *   **c. Inside Wiring.** You may install wiring inside the Premises ("Inside Wiring"), such as additional cable wiring and outlets, provided that doing so does not interfere with the normal operations of our cable network. If you have us install, repair or maintain Inside Wiring, we will charge you for that service. Regardless of who installed it, the Inside Wiring is your property or the property of whomever owns the Premises. If you do not own the Premises, contact your landlord or building manager about the installation, repair or maintenance of Inside Wiring.
        
        *   **For Sacramento, California Residents.** We will be responsible to repair any defects of the Inside Wiring installed by us for thirty (30) days after a new TV installation.
            
        *   **For Voice.** Except as described below, you may use Voice with your telephone Inside Wiring, as long as we have reasonable access to it and you have the right to give us access to it. If you wish to have your modem connected to your telephone Inside Wiring, installation by our technician is recommended. We must disconnect your telephone Inside Wiring from the network of your existing telephone provider to use the telephone Inside Wiring, which may disable any services you receive from them. If your modem is connected to your telephone Inside Wiring without first disconnecting the wiring from any existing telephone provider’s network, your modem may be damaged and/or Voice may not operate properly.
            
    *   **d. End User Software Licenses.** Software or applications may be required to use certain features of the Service(s). You agree to comply with the terms and conditions of all end user license agreements accompanying any software or plug-ins to such software distributed or used in connection with the Service(s) including, without limitation, the Web Services Terms of Service, [http://my.xfinity.com/terms/web](https://my.xfinity.com/terms/web), as these agreements may be amended from time to time. All such agreements are incorporated in this Agreement by reference. When this Agreement terminates, all end user licenses also terminate and you agree to destroy all versions and copies of all software received by you in connection with the Service(s).
        
    *   **e. Revocable License.** The Service(s) and Xfinity Equipment, including, but not limited to, any firmware or software embedded in the Xfinity Equipment or used to provide the Service(s), are protected by trademark, copyright, patent and/or other intellectual property laws and international treaty provisions. You are granted a revocable license to use such firmware and software in object code form (without making any modification thereto) strictly in accordance with this Agreement. You acknowledge and understand that you are not granted any other license to use the firmware or software embedded in the Xfinity Equipment or used to provide the Service(s). You shall not take any action nor allow anyone else to take any action that will reverse compile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code from the binary code of the firmware or software.
        
7.  ### **USE OF SERVICES**
    
    You agree that the Service(s) and the Xfinity Equipment will be used only for personal, residential, non-commercial purposes, unless otherwise specifically authorized by us in writing. You are prohibited from reselling or permitting another to resell the Service(s) in whole or in part, or using or permitting another to use the Xfinity Equipment or the Service(s), directly or indirectly, for any unlawful purpose, including, but not limited to, in violation of any policy we post applicable to the Service(s). Use of the Xfinity Equipment or Service(s) for transmission, communications or storage of any information, data or material in violation of any U.S. federal, state or local regulation or law is prohibited. You acknowledge that you are accepting this Agreement on behalf of all persons who use the Xfinity Equipment and/or Service(s) at the Premises or at other locations authorized by us and that you shall have sole responsibility for ensuring that all other users understand and comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any applicable policies including, but not limited to, our acceptable use and privacy policy [(https://www.xfinity.com/privacy/policy)](https://www.xfinity.com/privacy/policy). You are liable for all authorized and unauthorized use of the Service(s) and you agree to notify us immediately in writing or by calling 1-800-XFINITY during normal business hours if the Xfinity Equipment has been stolen or the Service(s) is used without your authorization. If you fail to notify us in a timely manner, the Service(s) may be terminated without notice and you may incur additional charges.
    
    *   **For Internet and Voice.** The acceptable use policies (“AUP”) and other policies concerning Internet and Voice are posted at [https://www.xfinity.com/policies](https://www.xfinity.com/policies) (or an alternative website if we so notify you). YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY MODIFY THE AUP OR OTHER POLICIES FROM TIME TO TIME WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE, BY POSTING A NEW VERSION OF THE AUP OR OTHER POLICY. YOU AND OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICE(S) SHOULD CONSULT THE AUP AND ALL OTHER POSTED POLICIES REGULARLY TO CONFORM TO THE MOST RECENT VERSION. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO LIMIT OR BLOCK ANY SERVICE USAGE AS WE DEEM NECESSARY TO PREVENT HARM TO OUR NETWORK, FRAUD, OR OTHER ABUSE OF THE SERVICE(S).
        
8.  ### **ASSIGNABILITY**
    
    This Agreement and the Service(s) furnished hereunder may not be assigned by you. We may freely assign our rights and obligations under this Agreement with or without notice to you.
    
9.  ### **TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT**
    
    *   **a. Term.** Except for those provisions which by their nature survive the termination of this Agreement, this Agreement will be in effect from the time that the Service(s) are activated until (1) it is terminated as provided for by this Agreement or by any addendum to this Agreement or (2) it is replaced by a revised Agreement. If you self-install Xfinity Equipment, Service(s) charges begin the earliest of (1) the day on which you picked up Xfinity Equipment at our service center, (2) the day you install the Service(s), (3) the day your order for the Service(s) is entered into our billing system if Xfinity Equipment is not required for the Service(s) or (4) five (5) days after the date we ship the Xfinity Equipment to you.
        
    *   **b. Termination by You.** Unless your Service(s) are subject to a minimum term agreement, you may terminate this Agreement for any reason at any time by notifying us in one of the following ways: (1) mailing a written notice to our local business office; (2) send an electronic notice to the email address specified on [www.xfinity.com](https://www.xfinity.com/); or (3) calling our customer service \[during normal business hours\]. Prior to effecting such termination, or any other change to your account, we may verify your identity and confirm your election. Subject to applicable law or the terms of any agreements with governmental authorities, all applicable fees and charges for the Service(s) will accrue until this Agreement has terminated, the Service(s) has been disconnected, and all Xfinity Equipment has been returned. Except for non-refundable fees and charges, we will refund all prepaid monthly service fees charged for Service(s) after the date of termination (less any outstanding amounts due us for the Service(s), affiliate services, Xfinity Equipment, or other applicable fees and charges).
        
        *   **For Voice. Voice will be terminated if your phone number is switched to another service provider**
            
        *   **For Prince Georges County, Maryland Residents.**All applicable fees and charges will accrue until the termination of this Agreement or the date you request the Service(s) to be disconnected, whichever is earlier.
            
    *   **c. Suspension and Termination by Us.** Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to act immediately and without notice to terminate or suspend the Service(s) and/or to remove from the Service(s) any information transmitted by or to any users (e.g., email or voicemail). We may take these actions if we: (1) determine that your use of the Service(s) does not conform with the requirements set forth in this Agreement or the AUP, (2) determine that your use of the Service(s) interferes with our ability to provide the Service(s) to you or others, (3) reasonably believe that your use of the Service(s) may violate any laws, regulations, or written and electronic instructions for use, (4) reasonably believe that your use of the Service(s) interferes with or endangers the health and/or safety of our personnel or third parties or (5) you threaten, harass, or use vulgar and/or inappropriate language toward our personnel. Our action or inaction under this Section shall not constitute review or approval of your or any other users’ use of the Service(s) or information transmitted by or to you or other users.
        
    *   **d. Your Obligations Upon Termination.** You agree that upon termination of this Agreement you will do the following:
        
        1.  You will immediately cease all use of the Service(s) and all Xfinity Equipment;
            
        2.  Except as provided in Section 9(b) for Prince Georges County residents, you will pay in full for your use of the Service(s) up to the date that this Agreement has been terminated and the Service(s) are disconnected; and
            
        3.  You will return all Xfinity Equipment to us at our local service center or to our designee in working order, normal wear and tear excepted within ten (10) days (or five (5) business days for Prince Georges County, Maryland) of the date on which Service(s) are disconnected. Failure to return any Xfinity Equipment will result in the charge of an Unreturned Equipment Fee. Comcast, as title owner of the Xfinity Equipment at all times, has the right to retrieve any equipment that is not returned. Upon our request during regular business hours at a time agreed upon by you and us, you will permit us and our agents, to access the Premises to remove all Xfinity Equipment and other material provided by us.
            
            *   **For Montgomery County, Maryland Residents.** If you are mobility impaired, upon your request, we will arrange for the pickup or exchange of our modem at the Premises.
                
        4.  **Unreturned Equipment Fee.** "Unreturned Equipment Fee" refers to a fee charged by Comcast to a subscriber for any unreturned Xfinity Equipment upon termination of the services provided under this Agreement. The payment of an Unreturned Equipment Fee shall not result in a sale of, or the transfer of title to , any Xfinity Equipment, and such equipment shall remain the property of Comcast, and Comcast retains title to Xfinity Equipment at all times. Comcast in no way relinquishes ownership of (including title to) Xfinity Equipment by the payment of an Unreturned Equipment Fee. Even if an Unreturned Equipment Fee has been paid, Xfinity Equipment shall not be resold, used or operated in any manner. If you pay an Unreturned Equipment Fee and subsequently return the equipment, you will be refunded your Unreturned Equipment Fee in full.
            
10.  ### **LIMITED WARRANTY**
    
    THE XFINITY EQUIPMENT AND THE SERVICE(S) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER WE NOR OUR AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS WARRANT THAT THE XFINITY EQUIPMENT OR THE SERVICE(S) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT ANY COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE TRANSMITTED IN UNCORRUPTED FORM, PROVIDE UNINTERRUPTED USE, OR OPERATE AS REQUIRED, WITHOUT DELAY, OR WITHOUT ERROR. ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF PERFORMANCE, NONINFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED AND EXCLUDED UNLESS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
    
11.  ### **LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY**
    
    *   **a. Application.** The limitations of liability set forth in this Section apply to any acts, omissions, and negligence of us and our underlying third-party service providers, agents, suppliers, distributors, licensors and business partners (and their respective officers, employees, agents, contractors or representatives) which, but for that provision, would give rise to a cause of action in contract, tort or under any other legal doctrine.
        
    *   **b. One Year Limitation Period.** YOU MUST COMMENCE YOUR ACTION WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR OF THE DATE OF THE OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENT OR FACTS GIVING RISE TO A DISPUTE OR YOU WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PURSUE ANY CLAIM BASED ON SUCH EVENTS OR FACTS. AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 2(i), YOU MUST NOTIFY US OF ANY BILLING DISPUTE WITHIN 120 DAYS OF RECEIVING THE CHARGES YOU DISPUTE OR YOU WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PURSUE ANY CLAIM BASED ON SUCH EVENT OR FACTS. IF FOLLOWING SUCH NOTIFICATION THE DISPUTE IS NOT RESOLVED TO YOUR SATISFACTION YOU MAY COMMENCE AN ACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR UP TO ONE (1) YEAR FROM RECEIPT OF THE DISPUTED CHARGES.
        
    *   **c. Customer Equipment.** YOU UNDERSTAND THAT CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT MAY NEED TO BE OPENED, UPDATED, ACCESSED OR USED EITHER BY YOU OR BY US OR OUR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS, IN CONNECTION WITH THE INSTALLATION, UPDATING OR REPAIR OF THE SERVICE(S). THE OPENING, ACCESSING OR USE OF CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE(S) MAY VOID WARRANTIES PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER OR OTHER PARTIES RELATING TO THE CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS, SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER AS THE RESULT OF THE VOIDING OF ANY SUCH WARRANTIES. NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS, OR DESTRUCTION TO THE CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT EXCEPT AS MAY BE CAUSED BY GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT. IN THE EVENT OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT BY US, OUR SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS WE SHALL PAY AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION FOR THE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF THE DAMAGED CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT UP TO A MAXIMUM OF $500. THIS SHALL BE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY RELATING TO SUCH ACTIVITY.
        
    *   **d. Other Services or Equipment.** BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU WAIVE ALL CLAIMS AGAINST US FOR INTERFERENCE, DISRUPTION, OR INCOMPATIBILITY BETWEEN THE XFINITY EQUIPMENT OR THE SERVICE(S) AND ANY OTHER SERVICE, SYSTEMS, OR EQUIPMENT. IN THE EVENT OF SUCH INTERFERENCE, DISRUPTION, OR INCOMPATIBILITY, YOUR SOLE REMEDY SHALL BE TO TERMINATE THE SERVICE(S) IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 9.
        
    *   **e. Software.** We make no representation or warranty that any software or application installed on Customer Equipment, downloaded to Customer Equipment, or available through the Internet does not contain a virus or other harmful feature. It is your sole responsibility to take appropriate precautions to protect any Customer Equipment from damage to its software, files, and data as a result of any such virus or other harmful feature. We may, but are not required to, terminate all or any portion of the Service(s) if a virus or other harmful feature or software is present on your Customer Equipment. If we decide, in our sole discretion, to install or run virus check software on your Customer Equipment, we make no representation or warranty that the virus check software will detect or correct any or all viruses. You acknowledge that you may incur additional charges for any service call related to a virus or other harmful feature detected on the Customer Equipment. NEITHER WE NOR OUR AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DAMAGE TO OR LOSS OF ANY HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, FILES, OR DATA RESULTING FROM A VIRUS, ANY OTHER HARMFUL FEATURE, OR FROM ANY ATTEMPT TO REMOVE IT. In addition, as part of the installation process for the software and other components of the Service(s), system files on the Customer Equipment may be modified. We do not represent, warrant or covenant that these modifications will not disrupt the normal operations of any of the Customer Equipment including the loss of files. We do not represent, warrant, or covenant that the installation of the special software or applications or access to our Web portal(s) will not cause the loss of files or disrupt the normal operations of any of the Customer Equipment. FOR THESE AND OTHER REASONS, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTAND THE IMPORTANCE OF BACKING UP ALL FILES TO ANOTHER STORAGE MECHANISM AND YOU UNDERSTAND AND ACCEPT THE RISKS IF YOU DECIDE NOT TO BACK UP FILES. NEITHER WE NOR OUR AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DAMAGE TO OR LOSS OF ANY SOFTWARE, FILES, OR DATA.
        
    *   **f. Disruption of Service.** The Service(s) are not fail-safe and are not designed or intended for use in situations requiring fail-safe performance or in which an error or interruption in the Service(s) could lead to severe injury to business, persons, property, or environment (“High Risk Activities”). These High Risk Activities may include, without limitation, vital business, or personal communications, or activities where absolutely accurate data or information is required. You expressly assume the risks of any damages resulting from High Risk Activities. We shall not be liable for any inconvenience, loss, liability, or damage resulting from any interruption of the Service(s), directly or indirectly caused by, or proximately resulting from, any circumstances beyond our immediate control, including, but not limited to, causes attributable to you or your property; inability to obtain access to the Premises; failure of any signal at the transmitter; failure of a communications satellite; loss of use of poles, or other utility facilities; labor disputes; riot or insurrection; war; explosion; malicious mischief; fire, flood, lightning, earthquake, weather conditions, or other acts of God; failure or reduction of power; or any court order, law, act or order of government restricting or prohibiting the operation or delivery of the Service(s). In all other cases of an interruption of the Service(s), you shall be entitled upon a request made within 120 days of such interruption, to a pro rata credit for any Service(s) interruption exceeding twenty-four consecutive hours after such interruption is reported to us, or such other period of time as may be specifically provided by law. Unless specifically provided by law, such credit shall not exceed the fixed monthly charges for the month of such Service(s) and excludes all nonrecurring charges, one-time charges, per call or measured charges, regulatory fees and surcharges, taxes and other governmental and quasi-governmental fees. **EXCEPT AND UNLESS SPECIFICALLY PROHIBITED BY LAW, SUCH CREDIT SHALL BE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR AN INTERRUPTION OF SERVICE(S)**. Any additional credits, if any, provided by us are at our sole discretion and in no event shall constitute or be construed as a course of conduct by us.
        
        *   **For Connecticut Residents.** In the event of an interruption of TV of more than twenty four (24) consecutive hours and of which we have received actual notice, a credit will be issued to your TV monthly service charges for the length of time TV was interrupted.
            
        *   **For Maine Residents.** In the event TV is interrupted for more than six (6) consecutive hours in a thirty (30) day period, you may request a pro-rata credit or refund by calling 1-800-XFINITY.
            
        *   **For New York Residents.** In the event TV is interrupted for at least four (4) hours between 6:00 p.m. and 12:00 a.m., except for emergency notice events, a credit equal to one day will be issued to your TV monthly service charges. If TV is interrupted for less than four (4) hours or outside of the hours of 6:00 p.m. and 12:00 a.m., please call 1-800-XFINITY to request a credit.
            
        *   **For Vermont Residents.** In the event TV is interrupted for more than twenty-four (24) consecutive hours and of which we have received actual notice, we will issue a credit to your TV monthly service charges for the total period of the interruption in an amount proportionate to your regular monthly service charge. If we have not been made aware of the interruption, you must call 1-800-XFINITY to request a credit.
            
        *   **For Montgomery County, Maryland Residents.**
            
            *   **For TV.** In the event of a TV interruption (loss of picture or sound of one or more channels) we shall repair the TV interruption as soon as possible. This obligation is satisfied if we offer you the next available repair appointment within the 24-hour period following the TV interruption, or at your request, to a mutually convenient later time for the repair call. If the TV interruption is not repaired at the time of the scheduled appointment, you will receive a credit of 10% of your normal monthly bill for TV for each 24-hour period, or segment thereof that the TV interruption continues beyond the scheduled repair call.
                
            *   **For Internet.** In the event of an Internet interruption we shall repair the Internet interruption as soon as possible. This obligation is satisfied if we offer you the next available repair appointment within the 24-hour period following the Internet interruption, or at your request, to a mutually convenient later time for the repair call, and successfully repairs the Internet interruption during the agreed upon appointment. If the Internet interruption is not repaired at the time of the scheduled appointment, you will receive a prorated credit for each 24-hour period, or segment thereof that the Internet interruption continues beyond the scheduled repair call.
                
        *   **For Prince Georges County, Maryland Residents.** In the event of a TV interruption (loss of picture or sound of one or more channel) lasting between two (2) and six (6) hours, you are entitled upon request, to a pro-rata credit for such TV interruption. In the event of a TV interruption lasting between six (6) and twenty-four (24) consecutive hours, you are entitled to a pro-rata credit equal to one day of your monthly TV charge.
            
        *   **For New Jersey Residents.** We will issue credit for TV outages or interruptions in accordance with N.J.A.C. 14:18-3.5.
            
    *   **g. Third Parties.** Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, you acknowledge and understand that we may use third parties to provide components of the Service(s), including without limitation, their services, equipment, infrastructure, or content. We shall not be bound by any undertaking, representation or warranty made by an agent, or employee of ours or of our underlying third-party providers and suppliers in connection with the installation, maintenance, or provision of the Service(s), if that undertaking, representation, or warranty is inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement. We are not responsible for any services, equipment, infrastructure, and content that are not provided by us, or the performance (or non-performance) of third-party services, equipment, infrastructure, or content, even if they are components of the Service(s), and we shall have no liability with respect to such services, equipment, infrastructure, and content. You should address questions or concerns relating to such services, equipment, infrastructure, and content to the providers of such services, equipment, infrastructure, and content. We do not endorse or warrant any third-party products, services, or content that are distributed or advertised over the Service(s).
        
    *   **h. Damages.** EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER WE NOR OUR AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES OR UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, TORT OR CONTRACT) HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR THE FOLLOWING LOSSES, DAMAGES, OR COSTS
        
        *   (1) ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, TREBLE, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF EARNINGS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, PERSONAL INJURIES, OR DEATH) THAT RESULT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH (a) YOUR RELIANCE ON OR USE OF THE XFINITY EQUIPMENT, THE CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT OR THE SERVICE(S) OR (b) THE INSTALLATION, SELF-INSTALLATION, MAINTENANCE, FAILURE, OR REMOVAL OF THE XFINITY EQUIPMENT, THE CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT OR THE SERVICE(S) (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE BREACH, FAILURES OR MALFUNCTIONS, DELETION OR CORRUPTION OF FILES, WORK STOPPAGE, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN OPERATION, DELAYS IN TRANSMISSION, OR FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE(S), THE XFINITY EQUIPMENT, OR THE CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT, OR ANY OTHER MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, LOSS OF CALL DETAIL, E-MAIL, VOICEMAIL, OR OTHER INFORMATION OR DATA); OR
            
        *   (2)ANY LOSSES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, EXPENSES, LIABILITIES, LEGAL FEES, OR OTHER COSTS THAT RESULT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ALLEGATION, CLAIM, SUIT, OR OTHER PROCEEDING BASED UPON A CONTENTION THAT THE USE OF THE XFINITY EQUIPMENT, THE CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT OR THE SERVICE(S) BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY INFRINGES UPON THE CONTRACTUAL RIGHTS, PRIVACY, CONFIDENTIALITY, COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, TRADE SECRET, OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY.
            
    *   **i. Customer's Sole Remedies.** Your sole and exclusive remedies under this Agreement are as expressly set forth in this Agreement. Certain of the above limitations may not apply if your state does not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or does not allow the limitation or exclusion of incidental or consequential damages. In those states, our liability and of our employees, affiliates, suppliers, agents, contractors, distributors, licensors and business partners is limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
        
    *   **j. Survival of Limitations.** All representations, warranties, indemnifications, and limitations of liability contained in this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement; any other obligations of the parties hereunder shall also survive, if they relate to the period before termination or if, by their terms, they would be expected to survive such termination.
        
12.  ### **INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY**
    
    YOU AGREE THAT YOU SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR AND SHALL DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, AND HOLD HARMLESS US AND OUR EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS AND SHALL REIMBURSE US FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS) INCURRED BY US IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIMS, SUITS, JUDGMENTS, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF (a) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE(S), THE XFINITY EQUIPMENT OR THE CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT; (b) VIOLATION OR INFRINGEMENT OF CONTRACTUAL RIGHTS, PRIVACY, CONFIDENTIALITY, COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, TRADE SECRET, OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND PROPRIETARY RIGHTS ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE(S) OR ANY UNAUTHORIZED APPARATUS OR SYSTEM; (c) ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE LACK OF 911/E911 OR DIALING ASSOCIATED WITH A HOME SECURITY, HOME DETENTION, OR MEDICAL MONITORING SYSTEM; AND (d) YOUR BREACH OF ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY AUP.
    
13.  ### **BINDING ARBITRATION**
    
    *   **a. Purpose.** Any Dispute involving you and us shall be resolved through individual arbitration. In arbitration, there is no judge or jury and there is less discovery and appellate review than in court.
        
    *   **b. Definitions.** This Arbitration Provision shall be broadly interpreted. “Dispute” means any claim or controversy related to us or our relationship, including but not limited to any and all: (1) claims for relief and theories of liability, whether based in contract, tort, fraud, negligence, statute, regulation, ordinance, or otherwise; (2) claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement; (3) claims that arise after the expiration or termination of this Agreement, and (4) claims that are the subject of purported class action litigation. As used in this Arbitration Provision, “us” means Comcast and any of its predecessors, successors, assigns, parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, and “you” means you and any users or beneficiaries of the Xfinity Service(s) or Equipment.
        
    *   **c. Exclusions.** NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE FOLLOWING DISPUTES WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION: (i) DISPUTES RELATING TO THE SCOPE, VALIDITY, OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION; (ii) DISPUTES THAT ARISE BETWEEN US AND ANY STATE OR LOCAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY OR AGENCY THAT IS EMPOWERED BY FEDERAL, STATE, OR LOCAL LAW TO GRANT A FRANCHISE UNDER 47 U.S.C. § 522(9); AND (iii) DISPUTES THAT CAN ONLY BE BROUGHT BEFORE THE LOCAL FRANCHISE AUTHORITY UNDER THE TERMS OF THE FRANCHISE.
        
    *   **d. Right to Opt Out.** IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES, YOU MAY DECLINE TO HAVE YOUR DISPUTES WITH US ARBITRATED BY NOTIFYING US, WITHIN 30 DAYS OF YOUR FIRST XFINITY SERVICE ACTIVATION, BY VISITING [WWW.XFINITY.COM/ARBITRATIONOPTOUT](https://www.xfinity.com/ARBITRATIONOPTOUT), OR IN WRITING BY MAIL TO COMCAST 1701 JOHN F. KENNEDY BLVD., PHILADELPHIA, PA 19103-2838, ATTN: LEGAL DEPARTMENT/ARBITRATION. YOUR WRITTEN NOTIFICATION TO US MUST INCLUDE YOUR NAME, ADDRESS AND OUR ACCOUNT NUMBER AS WELL AS A CLEAR STATEMENT THAT YOU DO NOT WISH TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US THROUGH ARBITRATION. YOUR DECISION TO OPT OUT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION WILL HAVE NO ADVERSE EFFECT ON YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US OR SERVICE(S) PROVIDED BY US. IF YOU HAVE PREVIOUSLY OPTED OUT OF ARBITRATION WITH RESPECT TO THE ACCOUNT GOVERNED BY THIS AGREEMENT, YOU DO NOT NEED TO DO SO AGAIN. YOU MUST SEPARATELY OPT OUT FOR EACH ACCOUNT UNDER WHICH YOU RECEIVE SERVICES. ANY OPTOUTS SUBMITTED AFTER THIS PERIOD WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED EFFECTIVE.
        
    *   **e. Initiation of Arbitration Proceeding/Selection of Arbitrator.** The party initiating the arbitration proceeding may open a case with the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) by visiting its website ([www.adr.org](http://www.adr.org/)) or calling its toll free number (1-800-778-7879). You may deliver any required or desired notice to us by mail to Comcast, 1701 JFK Boulevard, Philadelphia, PA 19103-2838 – ATTN: LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
        
    *   **f. Right to Sue in Small Claims Court:** Notwithstanding anything in this Arbitration Provision to the contrary, either you or we may elect to have an action heard in a small claims court in the area where you receive(d) Service(s) from us if the claim is not aggregated with the claim of any other person and if the amount in controversy is properly within the jurisdiction of the small claims court.
        
    *   **g. Arbitration Procedures.** This Arbitration Provision shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. Arbitrations shall be administered by the AAA pursuant to its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “AAA Rules”) as modified by the version of this Arbitration Provision that is in effect when you notify us about your Dispute. You can obtain the AAA Rules from the AAA by visiting its website ([www.adr.org](https://www.adr.org/)) or calling its toll-free number (1-800-778-7879). If there is a conflict between this Arbitration Provision and the rest of this Agreement, this Arbitration Provision shall govern. If there is a conflict between this Arbitration Provision and the AAA rules, this Arbitration Provision shall govern. If the AAA will not administer a proceeding under this Arbitration Provision as written, the parties shall agree on a substitute arbitration organization. If the parties cannot agree, the parties shall mutually petition a court of appropriate jurisdiction to appoint an arbitration organization that will administer a proceeding under this Arbitration Provision as written applying the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules. A single arbitrator will resolve the Dispute. Unless you and we agree otherwise, any arbitration hearing will take place at a location convenient to you in the area where you receive Service(s) from us. If you no longer receive Service(s) from us when you notify us of your Dispute, then any arbitration hearing will take place at a location convenient to you in the county where you reside when you notify us of your Dispute provided that we offer Service(s) in that county, or in the area where you received Service(s) from us at the time of the events giving rise to your Dispute. The arbitrator will honor claims of privilege recognized by law and will take reasonable steps to protect customer account information and other confidential or proprietary information. The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision that explains the arbitrator’s essential findings and conclusions. The arbitrator’s award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction over the parties only if necessary for purposes of enforcing the arbitrator’s award. An arbitrator’s award that has been fully satisfied shall not be entered in any court.
        
    *   **h. Waiver of Class Actions and Collective Relief.** THERE SHALL BE NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY CLAIMS TO BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON A CLASS ACTION, JOINT OR CONSOLIDATED BASIS OR ON BASES INVOLVING CLAIMS BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY ON BEHALF OF THE GENERAL PUBLIC (SUCH AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL), OTHER SUBSCRIBERS, OR OTHER PERSONS. THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF WARRANTED BY THAT INDIVIDUAL PARTY’S CLAIM. THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT AWARD RELIEF FOR OR AGAINST ANYONE WHO IS NOT A PARTY. THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING. THIS WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS AND COLLECTIVE RELIEF IS AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION AND CANNOT BE SEVERED FROM IT. THE REMAINING PORTIONS OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION ARE NOT ESSENTIAL PARTS OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION AND CAN BE SEVERED FROM IT BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION.
        
    *   **i. Arbitral Fees and Costs.** If your claim seeks more than $75,000 in the aggregate, the payment of the AAA’s fees and costs will be governed by the AAA rules. If your claims seek less than $75,000 in the aggregate, the payment of the AAA’s fees and costs will be our responsibility. However, if the arbitrator finds that your Dispute was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), the payment of the AAA’s fees and costs shall be governed by the AAA Rules and you shall reimburse us for all fees and costs that were your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. You may hire an attorney to represent you in arbitration. You are responsible for your attorneys’ fees and additional costs and may only recover your attorneys’ fees and costs in the arbitration to the extent that you could in court if the arbitration is decided in your favor. Notwithstanding anything in this Arbitration Provision to the contrary, we will pay all fees and costs that we are required by law to pay
        
    *   **j. Survival.** This Arbitration Provision shall survive the termination of your Service(s) with us.
        
    *   **k. For New York Residents. You may elect to resolve a Dispute for TV through the New York Public Service Commission in accordance with NYCRR 16§890.709(a) and NYCRR 16§709(c).**
        
14.  ### **GENERAL**
    
    *   **a. Entire Agreement.** This Agreement and any other documents incorporated by reference constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and us with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and replace any and all prior written or verbal agreements. If any portion of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions of the parties, and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect. We do not waive any provision or right if we fail to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement. Neither the course of conduct between you and us nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this Agreement.
        
    *   **b. Waiver of Jury Trial. WHETHER IN COURT OR IN ARBITRATION, YOU AND WE AGREE TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY.**
        
    *   **c. Additional Representations and Warranties.** In addition to representations and warranties you make elsewhere in this Agreement, you also represent and warrant that:
        
        *   **i. Age:** You are at least 18 years of age.
            
        *   **ii. Customer Information:** You represent and warrant that you have provided us with information that is accurate, complete and current, including without limitation your legal name, address, telephone number(s), the number of devices on which or through the Service(s) is being used, and payment data (including without limitation information provided when authorizing recurring payments). YOU AGREE TO NOTIFY US IMMEDIATELY IF THERE IS ANY CHANGE IN THE INFORMATION THAT YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY CHANGE IN YOUR TELEPHONE NUMBER OR MOBILE TELEPHONE NUMBER. FAILURE TO DO SO IS A BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU OWE ANY OUTSTANDING AMOUNTS FOR THE SERVICE(S) OR HAVE ANY UNRETURNED EQUIPMENT, THIS OBLIGATION SHALL SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND SHALL CONTINUE UNTIL YOU PAY ALL OUTSTANDING AMOUNTS IN FULL AND RETURN ALL EQUIPMENT. YOU AGREE THAT YOU SHALL INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD US HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIM OR LIABILITY RESULTING FROM YOUR FAILURE TO NOTIFY US OF A CHANGE IN THE INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED, INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR LIABILITY UNDER THE TELEPHONE CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT (47 U.S.C. SEC. 227), AND ANY REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER RESULTING FROM US ATTEMPTING TO CONTACT YOU AT THE MOBILE TELEPHONE NUMBER YOU PROVIDED.
            
    *   **d. Consent to Communications from Comcast.** You agree that Comcast or third parties acting on Comcast’s behalf may call or text you at any telephone number that you provide to Comcast or that Comcast issues to you, and may do so for any purpose relating to your account and/or the Services to which you subscribe. You expressly consent to receive such calls and texts and agree that these calls and texts are not unsolicited. You understand and acknowledge that these calls and texts may entail the use of an automatic telephone dialing system and/or artificial or prerecorded messages. If you do not wish to receive these communications, you may visit the Preference Center at [www.xfinity.com/donotcontact](https://www.xfinity.com/donotcontact) to manage your communications preferences. You understand and acknowledge that this is the exclusive means of opting out of such communications. You may not opt-out of receiving certain communications pertaining to your account, including but not limited to communications regarding emergencies, fraud or other violations of law, security issues, and harm caused to the network. Message frequency depends on your activity with your Services. Message and/or data rates may apply.
        
    *   **e. Protection of Our Information and Marks.** All Service(s) information, documents, and materials on our websites are protected by trademark, copyright or other intellectual property laws, and international treaty provisions. All websites, corporate names, service marks, trademarks, trade names, logos, and domain names (collectively “marks”) of ours and our affiliates are and shall remain our exclusive property. Nothing in this Agreement shall grant you the right or license to use any of the marks.
        
    *   **f. Export Laws.** You expressly agree to comply with all applicable export and re-export laws, including, but not limited to, the Export Administration Act, the Arms Export Control Act, and their implementing regulations. You further expressly agree not to use the Service(s) in any way that violates any provision of such laws or their implementing regulations.
        
    *   **g. Retention of Rights.** Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to limit our rights and remedies available at law or in equity. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, we and our agents reserve the right to delete all your data, files, electronic messages or other information that is stored on our or our suppliers’ servers or systems. In addition, you may forfeit your account user name and all e-mail, IP and Web space addresses, and voice mail. In the event you cancel Voice without porting your voice service and the telephone number to another service provider, you will forfeit the telephone number. We shall have no liability whatsoever as the result of the loss of any such data, names, addresses, or numbers.
        
    *   **h. Monitoring and Recording.** You agree that Comcast and its agents may monitor and record any telephone calls or other voice, data or image communications that are transmitted between: (1) Comcast and its agents and (2) you, your agents, any user of your Service(s) or Equipment, or any user of any phone numbers associated with your account.
        
15.  ### **NOTICE METHOD FOR CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT**
    
    We may deliver any notice concerning our relationship with you, including notice of any change to this Agreement, in any one or more of the following ways, as determined in our discretion: (1) by posting it on [www.xfinity.com](https://www.xfinity.com/) or any other website about which you have been notified; (2) by mail or hand delivery to your Premises; (3) by e-mail to the address for your account in our records; or (4) by including it on or with your bill for Service(s). You agree that any one of the foregoing will constitute sufficient and effective notice under this Agreement. Because we may from time to time notify you about important information regarding the Service(s) and this Agreement by these methods, you agree it is your responsibility to regularly check your postal mail, e-mail and all postings at [www.xfinity.com](https://www.xfinity.com/) or any other website about which you have been notified. If you find any change to this Agreement to be unacceptable, you have the right to cancel your Service(s). Your continued receipt of the Service(s) for more than 30 days after we deliver notice of the change, however, will constitute your acceptance of the change.
    
16.  ### **IMPORTANT INFORMATION**
    
    If you are unable to get a problem resolved to your satisfaction at our local office, you may write to the Comcast Corporate Offices at 1701 John F. Kennedy Blvd., Philadelphia, PA 19103-2838 with concerns and complaints.
    
    *   **Massachusetts Residents:** In addition if you are unsatisfied with our handling of your TV complaint, you may contact your local franchise authority: the Consumer Division of the Department of Telecommunications and Cable (DTC) toll free 1-800-392-6066 or you may write to them at 1000 Washington Street, Suite 600, Boston, MA 02118.
        
    *   **Connecticut Residents:** If you experience a problem with your Service(s), please contact us first and give us an opportunity to resolve your problem. If a TV matter is not resolved to your satisfaction, please contact the Connecticut Department of Utility Control at 1-800-382-4586 (toll free within Connecticut) or 1-860-827-2622 (outside Connecticut) or TDD 1-860-827-2837.
        
    *   **New York Residents:** If you experience a problem with your Service(s), please contact us first and give us an opportunity to resolve your problem. If your TV concerns have not been resolved contact your local government, or call the **New York State Public Service Commission (PSC) at 1-800-342-3377**, or write to: **Customer Service Representative, New York State Public Service Commission, Office of Customer Services**, Three Empire State Plaza, Albany, New York 12223-1350.
        
    *   **New Hampshire and Maine Residents:** The Office of the Attorney General Consumer Protection and Antitrust Bureau has the authority to enforce Consumer Protection Laws and provide assistance in the mediation of consumer complaints. Customers should file written complaints concerning any alleged misrepresentations and unfair or deceptive practices of the cable company to: Maine – Office of the Attorney General, Department of Consumer Fraud and Antitrust, State House Station #6, Augusta, ME 04333 New Hampshire – Office of the Attorney General, Department of Consumer Fraud and Antitrust, 25 Capital Street, Concord, NH 03301
        
    *   **Vermont Residents:** The Vermont Department of Public Service Customer Hotline (1-800-622-4496) can provide assistance in the resolution of consumer TV complaints.
        
17.  ### **SELF PROTECTION SERVICES ADDENDUM TO COMCAST AGREEMENT FOR RESIDENTIAL SERVICES**
    
    This Self Protection Addendum (the “Addendum”) contains important additional provisions limiting your rights with respect to our provision of and your use of the Xfinity Self Protection services and equipment. In consideration of your agreement to pay for all associated charges, Comcast shall provide you with certain smart home services, including self-monitored continuous video recording and corresponding storage of video content (the “Self Protection Services”). **TOGETHER WITH THE TERMS OF THE COMCAST AGREEMENT FOR RESIDENTIAL SERVICES (THE “AGREEMENT”) (WHICH TERMS, INCLUDING A MANDATORY ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, ARE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE HEREIN), THIS ADDENDUM FORMS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND COMCAST AND GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE SELF PROTECTION SERVICES.** All terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. In the event of a direct conflict between the terms of this Addendum and the Agreement and/or any other agreements between you and Comcast, the terms of this Addendum shall control, but only with respect to the Self Protection Services.
    
    1.  **The Self-Protection Services is not a Professionally Monitored Service**
        
        Comcast does not monitor the video and/or notification generated by the Self Protection Services. The Self Protection Service is not a home security service, but is an ancillary service to the other services Comcast provides to you under the Agreement.
        
    2.  **You are Responsible for the Content of Your Videos**
        
        You are solely responsible for the content of any video captured by cameras that we provide to you (which are deemed Customer Equipment under the Agreement), and for any consequences of such content being posted or published online or otherwise distributed. You are solely responsible for complying with any laws applicable to your installation of cameras and your use of the Self Protection Services. You confirm that you have requested any such video cameras to be used solely for your own lawful, residential purposes. Comcast will not install cameras in places in areas where people have a heightened expectation of privacy (such as bedrooms, bathrooms or directed exclusively at a neighboring property). Subject to applicable law, Comcast may disclose video content generated by the Self Protection Services to third parties without further notice to you in connection with any law enforcement investigation or proceeding, any dispute to which Comcast is a party or pursuant to a court order or subpoena.
        
    3.  **Limitation of Liability – Limiting Your Right of Recovery**
        
        **YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NEITHER COMCAST, NOR ITS AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SUPPLIERS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTRACTORS OR SUBCONTRACTORS, IS AN INSURER OF OR AGAINST ANY POTENTIAL OR ACTUAL LOSS OR DAMAGE TO PERSON OR PROPERTY, INCLUDING PHYSICAL HARM TO ANY PERSON, THAT MAY OCCUR IN OR AT YOUR PREMISES, WHETHER AS A RESULT OF BURGLARY, THEFT, FIRE, SMOKE, CARBON MONOXIDE POISONING, LAWFUL OR UNLAWFUL ENTRY IN OR ONTO THE PREMISES, THE CONDUCT OF ANY PERSONS IN OR ON THE PREMISES, OR OTHERWISE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING ALL INSURANCE COVERAGE THAT YOU BELIEVE IS NECESSARY TO PROTECT YOUR RESIDENCE, BUSINESS, BELONGINGS AND PERSONS IN OR ON YOUR PREMISES, INCLUDING COVERAGE FOR PERSONAL INJURY AND PROPERTY DAMAGE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE FURTHER THAT IT IS EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO PREDICT OR CALCULATE THE ACTUAL DAMAGES, IF ANY, WHICH MAY RESULT FROM ANY ALLEGED FAILURE ON THE PART OF COMCAST TO PERFORM THE SELF PROTECTION SERVICES AS DEFINED HEREIN, AND THAT THE PAYMENTS YOU MAKE FOR THE SELF PROTECTION SERVICES ARE NOT RELATED TO THE VALUE OF THE PREMISES, YOUR POSSESSIONS, OR THE PERSONS OCCUPYING OR AT ANY TIME PRESENT IN OR ON THE PREMISES, BUT RATHER ARE BASED ON THE COST OF THE SELF PROTECTION SERVICES, AND SPECIFICALLY TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THE LEGAL PROTECTIONS AFFORDED TO COMCAST UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THEREFORE, YOU AGREE THAT COMCAST SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT MAY OCCUR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THE SELF-PROTECTION SERVICES, INCLUDING EVENTS OCCURRING PRIOR TO, AT OR AFTER YOUR USE OF THE SELF PROTECTION SERVICES. THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OF ANY DEGREE, WARRANTY (INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) AND ALL OTHER THEORIES OF LIABILITY.**
        
        **IF, NOTWITHSTANDING THIS ADDENDUM AND THE AGREEMENT, COMCAST IS FOUND LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE DUE TO ITS ALLEGED NEGLIGENCE OR THE FAILURE TO PERFORM ITS OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE SELF PROTECTION SERVICES UNDER THIS ADDENDUM, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY (INCLUDING JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY) WILL BE $250.00. THIS AMOUNT IS THE AGREED UPON DAMAGES, IS NOT A PENALTY AND SHALL BE YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY.**
        
        **THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SPECIFICALLY COVERS LIABILITY FOR: LOST PROFITS; LOST OR DAMAGED PROPERTY; LOSS OF USE OF PROPERTY OR THE PREMISES; GOVERNMENTAL FINES AND CHARGES; AND THE CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES. ALSO COVERED BY THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ARE THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF DAMAGES: DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND PUNITIVE.**
        
    4.  **Third-Party Indemnity and Waiver of Subrogation**
        
        The Self Protection Services provided under the Agreement and this Addendum are intended only for your benefit. Therefore, you agree to protect/indemnify, hold harmless, defend (if requested by Comcast) and release Comcast from liability and shall reimburse Comcast for any damages, losses or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred by Comcast in connection with any claims, suits, judgments and causes of action which relate to or concern the Self Protection Services. This protection/indemnity includes claims brought by any third party, including, without limitation, your insurance company, whether the claim arises under contract, warranty, negligence, or any other theory of liability. Your duty to protect/indemnify Comcast, however, does not apply to claims based on injuries to third parties or to their property that occur while Comcast’s employees were on your premises and which were caused solely and directly by those employees.
        
        Your duty to protect/indemnify Comcast applies even in the case of the Company’s own negligence.
        
        In case of any third-party claim or loss covered by your insurance, you agree not to look to Comcast for reimbursement. **YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THAT YOUR INSURANCE CARRIER OR OTHERS CLAIMING THROUGH YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST COMCAST, INCLUDING ANY RIGHTS OF SUBROGATION.**
        

Stnd 0121

View full agreement

[English (PDF)](https://cdn.comcast.com/-/media/Files/FEDCM-MIG/Policies/Q1%202021/ResServicesHomeNetworkingUniLegalSTDENGcomcastcom.pdf?rev=7661204a-769b-449a-b570-ae9a88197d1c&la=en) | [Spanish (PDF)](https://cdn.comcast.com/-/media/Files/FEDCM-MIG/Policies/Q1%202021/ResServicesHomeNetworkingUniLegalSTDSPcomcastcom.pdf?rev=458bfc15-0070-4a44-995d-d372aa9e7aa3&la=en)