Terms and Conditions
--------------------

Effective date: June 5, 2019

Thank you for visiting the World Market website (this "website"). This website is owned and operated by World Market, LLC, 1201 Marina Village Parkway, Alameda, CA 94501 ("we," "us," or "the Company").

Because of the nature of the Internet and our desire to provide you with an enjoyable and helpful visit, it is important to advise you of the rules that apply to your use of our website and ask that you read them carefully. This document (these "Terms and Conditions") is a legally binding agreement between you (including the organization that you represent, if any) and the Company. When you visit or shop at this website you automatically agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.

If you have any questions you may contact us at 1-877-967-5362.

**1\. Eligibility**

This website may only be used by individuals and entities who can form legally binding contracts. No person under the age of 18 may use this website without the permission and supervision of a parent or legal guardian. Your use of this website will be deemed to be a representation that you are 18 years of age or older or using this website with the permission of your parent or legal guardian. By using this website on behalf of any third party, you are representing to us that you are an authorized representative of that third party and that your use of this website constitutes that third party’s acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. In addition, if you have been previously prohibited from accessing this website or the website of any of our affiliates, you are not permitted to access this website.

**2\. Account Security**

(a) Account Creation. You may create your own account by completing the online registration process on this website. In doing so, you must provide us with accurate and complete registration information, and update it if this information changes. It is particularly important to keep the email address associated with your account current because, although you may be able to log into this website using an old email address, you will not be able to receive messages from us.

(b) Account Use. Following registration, we will create an account for you and assign you, or allow you to select, a password. You must keep your password confidential. You will be responsible for all use of your password, including, without limitation, any use by any unauthorized third party. You must notify us immediately if you believe your password may have been used by any unauthorized person or entity. For security purposes, we recommend you change your password often. Under no circumstance should you respond to a request for your password. Our employees will never ask for your password. You must notify us immediately if you receive such a request. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your use of this website if we believe that your password is being used without your permission or otherwise in a manner that may disrupt this website.

**3\. Privacy**

We value your privacy. You must read our [Privacy Policy](https://www.worldmarket.com/category/customer-service/privacy-and-security.do), which details our privacy policy and practices. In addition to these Terms and Conditions, the [Privacy Policy](https://www.worldmarket.com/category/customer-service/privacy-and-security.do) also governs your visit to this website, and by using this website, you agree to be bound by the terms of our [Privacy Policy](https://www.worldmarket.com/category/customer-service/privacy-and-security.do).

**4\. Copyright and Trademarks**

(a) Ownership. All content of this website, including, but not limited to, artwork, graphics, images, illustrations, photographs, text, video, audio clips, logos, and designs are the intellectual property of the Company, its affiliates, or third parties who have licensed the materials to us. All content is protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, and other intellectual property laws of the United States and other countries. This website in its entirety including, without limitation, the design, layout, selection, coordination, and enhancement of the content, is protected by copyright and trade dress laws. All worldwide right, title, and interest is reserved.

(b) Permitted Use. This website and its contents are intended solely for your personal, non-commercial use in order to view and purchase Products (as defined below) and participate in the programs that we offer (the "Permitted Use") and subject to these Terms and Conditions, you may use this website only for the Permitted Use. You may not access, use, download, copy, reproduce, publish, distribute, modify, or create derivative works from, sell, or exploit in any way the contents of this website, or any related software, or any part thereof for any other purpose whatsoever. You may download or electronically copy and print any page contents displayed on this website for the Permitted Use only and no rights to those materials are transferred to you by such copying. Software used on this website is the property of the Company or its licensors, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.

(c) Marks. WORLD MARKET; COST PLUS; COST PLUS WORLD MARKET; COST PLUS WORLD MARKET (AND DESIGN); WORLD MARKET EXPLORER, WORLD MARKET REWARDS; WORLD MARKET REWARDS (AND DESIGN); WORLD GRILL; ONE WORLD, ONE STORE; MERCADO DEL MUNDO; BAY MARKET KITCHEN; WORLD MARKET CAFÉ; CRAFT BY WORLD MARKET; and UNIQUE, AUTHENTIC AND ALWAYS AFFORDABLE (among others) are trademarks of our affiliate, World Market, LLC, and may not be used by you without our written permission.

**5\. Intellectual Property Infringement Complaints**

We respect the intellectual property rights of others and expect our users to do the same. We may remove content that, in our sole discretion, appears to infringe the intellectual property rights of others or that is otherwise inappropriate for use on this website. In addition, we will terminate the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe your intellectual property rights are being infringed by material on this website, please notify the company’s Intellectual Property Agent, and provide the following information: (a) the physical or electronic signature of the rights owner or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner; (b) identification of the right claimed to have been infringed; (c) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, and information reasonably sufficient to allow us to locate the material, including the URL where the allegedly infringing material appears; (d) your name, address, telephone number and email address; (e) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the rights owner, its agent or the law; and (f) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed.

Please send your notice to the following contact information:

World Market, LLC  
Attn: Intellectual Property Agent  
1201 Marina Village Parkway  
Alameda, CA 94501  
Phone: 510-893-7300  
Fax: 510-893-3681  
Email: [customercare@worldmarket.com](mailto:customercare@worldmarket.com)  

**6\. Terms of Sale**

The following terms apply to your purchase of the products offered on this website ("Products")

(a) Purchasing Products. This website invites you to make us an offer to buy the Products shown on the pages. Your order is an offer to buy some of those goods, which we accept only by shipping the Products ordered. Any confirmation that you receive after placing an order does not constitute an acceptance of your offer, and is subject to correction before shipment in the event of inaccuracies, errors, Product unavailability, or for any other reason.

(b) Product Descriptions. We attempt to describe Products, including their colors, as accurately as possible; however, the appearance of Products may vary as a result of the quality of your monitor and for other reasons. We also make no guarantees with respect to the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or currency of our Product descriptions.

(c) No Commercial Use. Products are sold for the personal and household use of our customers. Products are not designed or otherwise intended for use in commercial or other public establishments, such as restaurants, coffee shops, retail stores of any kind, or commercial services such as caterers. Accordingly and without limiting any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, we will not be liable in connection with any such use. We also reserve the right to prohibit sale of Products to users who we believe are using Products for commercial purposes or reselling them.

(d) Children’s Products. Our Products that are not toys are generally not for use by children. Products that are toys are age graded to help you decide what is appropriate for your family.

(e) Assembly Instructions. Certain Products require assembly. You must follow the assembly instructions carefully and use professional installers when necessary. All furniture Products must be inspected periodically to ensure that all screws, nuts, bolts, and other fasteners are properly maintained and secure.

(f) Availability and Pricing. Quantities of some Products may be limited and stock cannot always be guaranteed. When a Product is out of stock and cannot be replenished we will attempt to remove the Product from this website in a timely manner. Some Products offered for sale on this website may not be offered for sale at World Market® stores (and vice versa). While Products offered for sale at stores and on the website are generally offered at the same price, there may be price differences from time to time due to promotional events and special offers, or for other reasons.

Products offered for sale on this website are for sale only in the United States and all prices are quoted in U.S. dollars. We may occasionally make errors in the stated prices on this website. If a Product’s correct price is higher than the listed price, we will, in our discretion, either confirm the correct price with you or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.

(g) Orders. We have the right to refuse or limit any orders and limit quantities. We will not be liable if a Product is unavailable or a shipment is delayed. We reserve the right to provide substantially similar products to fulfill your order. When an order is placed, it will be shipped to an address designated by you as long as that shipping address is compliant with the shipping restrictions contained on the website and is otherwise valid.

(h) Returns and Exchanges. If you wish to return or exchange a Product (whether Products are damaged, incomplete, or otherwise), you may do so only in accordance with our [Return Policy](https://www.worldmarket.com/category/customer-service/returns.do).

(i) Payment. You authorize us (and any payment processor) to charge your payment card for all purchases you make. We accept the forms of payment stated in our [Payment Terms](https://www.worldmarket.com/category/customer-service/payment.do), and, for credit card payments. The bank issuing your credit card may control when to release funds in the case of an order cancellation or refund. Completion of a payment transaction is contingent upon: (a) you providing complete personal, account, transaction and any other information needed, (b) authorization of the payment by your credit or debit card company, and (c) acceptance of your payment. We may cancel a payment or prevent you from initiating future payments for any reason, including, without limitation, the following: (i) if you attempt to use this website in breach of any applicable law or regulation, including the card network rules or regulations; (ii) if you use this website in breach of these Terms and Conditions; (iii) if we suspect fraudulent, unlawful or improper activity regarding a payment; (iv) if we detect, in our sole discretion, that your payments have excessive disputes, high reversal rates or present a relatively high risk of losses; or (v) failure to cooperate in an investigation or provide additional information when requested.

(j) Transfer of Title and Risk of Loss/Damage. Title to and the risk of loss/damage of all Products passes from us to you at the time we deliver the Products to the common carrier for shipment. By purchasing Products on this website for shipment, you are asking us to engage a common carrier to deliver your order. We reserve the right to choose any and all procedures, packaging and the common carrier of sold Products. We may not be able to have your order shipped to a post office box, to certain addresses or on certain days. We reserve the right to ship your order in multiple boxes or shipments.

(k) Taxes. Stated prices do not include any applicable taxes or surcharges. Your order conformation will contain an estimate of taxes due on your transaction. The final calculation will be made upon shipment. You are solely responsible for the payment of such taxes related to your purchase. We have the right to charge you for any taxes that we believe we are required to pay or collect related to your purchase.

(l) Pick-Up Curbside. Some Products can be ordered online for pickup curbside. Not all Products are available for this service nor is the pickup curbside service available at all stores. For rules applicable to purchases made for store pickup, [click here](https://www.worldmarket.com/category/code/in-store-pick-up.do).

(m) Promotional Codes. The Company may, from time to time in its sole discretion, offer certain promotional codes for discounts. Promotional codes are non-transferable and are not redeemable for cash, credit, or toward previous purchases. There is no cash alternative. Furthermore, promotional codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or promotional discount, and must be redeemed by the date published, if provided. Limit one promotional code per customer. Promotional codes are void where prohibited. Any promotional program may be terminated or modified by the Company at any time in its sole discretion.

**7\. Your Content**

(a) License. By posting, storing or transmitting any content ("User Content") on or to the Company, or by affirmatively responding to the Company’s online request, you hereby grant us a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferrable right and license to use, copy, display, publish, perform, sell, transmit, adapt, translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, create derivative works from, distribute, archive, stream, and sublicense such content in any form, in all media now known or hereinafter created including without limitation on our website, social media pages, marketing materials, advertising materials, videos, emails, and store materials. The Company may give you credit for your content when sharing. You hereby grant us a royalty-free, worldwide license and right (but not the obligation) to use your name, alias (e.g., a username, Twitter or Instagram handle), likeness, personality, voice, and any other materials or information you submit to us in connection with your User Content. You hereby irrevocably waive and agree not to assert any rights or any claims to seek or obtain any injunctive or other equitable or compensatory relief against the Company for its use of the User Content or your name, alias, likeness, personality, or any other materials you submit in connection with your User Content as licensed herein. You further irrevocably waive and agree not to assert any rights or any claims based on moral rights and similar theories, if any.

(b) Compensation. You acknowledge that you will not receive any additional compensation for the Company’s use of the User Content. You also acknowledge that we have no obligation to use any of your User Content and may remove your User Content from our digital properties at any time.

(c) Control and Monitoring. We do not have the ability to control the nature of the content offered through this website posted by third parties. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of this website and any content that you post. In particular, please do not request obscene, profane, threatening, illegal or otherwise inappropriate language in gift messages. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor interactions between you and other users of this website and take any other action to restrict access to, or the availability of, any material that we or another user of this website may consider to be offensive, obscene, lewd, lascivious, excessively violent, harassing, unrelated to Products or the Company, unlawful, false or misleading, or that violates these Terms and Conditions. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions is intended to bar or restrict your ability to review the Company’s Products, services, or conduct.

(d) Representations and Warranties. You represent and warrant that (a) you are the sole human subject depicted in the User Content; (b) no person under the age of eighteen (18) years of age are depicted in the User Content; (c) you own or are authorized on behalf of all applicable rights holders to submit the User Content and make all the grants of rights in this Agreement; (d) your User Content does not infringe or violate the rights of a third party, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights, right of privacy, rights of publicity, or moral rights or any applicable laws or regulations.

**8\. Correspondence**

If you send any comments, suggestions, ideas, or submissions regarding the Company, its business, or products ("Comments") to the Company, you are automatically granting, and hereby do grant to the Company, a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, fully transferable license, with the right to sublicense, to use (including copy, display, perform, publish, modify, adapt and translate) such Comments in all forms and media known or discovered in the future (the "License"). Your submission of such material shall constitute a waiver of any claim based on unfair competition, breach of implied contract, breach of confidentiality, and any other legal theory relating to submissions. We may use, copy, publish, modify, disclose, and distribute any Comments you send to us, for any purpose whatsoever, without compensating you in any way. However, you will otherwise retain ownership of the Comments. We recommend that you do not send us any confidential materials or information or anything that you do not wish to unconditionally license to us. We are and will be under no obligation: (i) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (ii) to pay to you or any third party any compensation for any Comments; or (iii) to respond to any Comments. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make. You will take all further acts as we request to effect the intent of this paragraph. For clarity, this Section 8 applies to materials submitted to the Company but does not apply to product reviews or other content posted on the website. Such content is instead subject to the "Your Content" section above.

**9\. Errors**

It is our intention to make this website thorough, accurate, and helpful to our customers. Nonetheless, there may be times when certain information contained on this website may be incorrect, incomplete, or inaccurate. We apologize in advance for any such errors that may result in an incorrect price, item unavailability or otherwise affect your order. Please understand that the content of this website is presented on an "as is" basis and we make no claim as to its accuracy, either expressed or implied. We reserve the right to correct errors (whether by changing information on this website or by informing you of the error and giving you an opportunity to cancel your order) or to update product information at any time without notice.

**10\. Prohibited Conduct**

In your use of this website, you shall not: (i) infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any party; (ii) defame, abuse, harass, stalk any individual, or disrupt or interfere with the security or use of this website or any websites linked to it; (iii) interfere with or damage this website, including, without limitation, through the use of viruses, Trojan horses, harmful code, flood pings, denial of service attacks, packet or IP spoofing, forged routing or electronic mail address information or similar methods or technology, or reverse engineering any technology used to provide this website; (iv) attempt to use another user’s account, impersonate another person or entity, misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, including, without limitation, the Company or create or use a false identity; (v) attempt to obtain unauthorized access to this website or portions of this website that are restricted from general access; (vi) engage, directly or indirectly, in transmission of "spam," chain letters, junk mail or any other type of unsolicited solicitation; (vii) collect, manually or through an automatic process, information about other users or other information on or relating to this website; (viii) use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name, trademarks, or product names; (ix) advertise, offer to sell, or sell any goods or services, except as expressly permitted by the Company; (x) engage in any activity that interferes with any third party’s ability to use or enjoy this website; or (xi) assist any third party in engaging in any activity prohibited by these Terms and Conditions.

**11\. Third-Party Services and Links**

If we provide any content from third parties or "links" to third-party websites, such content and websites are provided for informational purposes only and we cannot and do not investigate their legitimacy, validity, accuracy, safety, or legality. Any concerns regarding or issues relating to such content or websites (including the goods or services offered on them) must be directed to the owner of that content or website, and you must comply with the terms of service of such third party in using their website. We will not be liable in any way for any loss, damages, liability, or expenses (such as attorneys’ fees) that you may incur arising from or related to third-party content or websites.

**12\. Warranties; Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability**

(a) NO WARRANTIES. THIS WEBSITE AND, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED ABOVE, PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED "AS AVAILABLE" AND "AS IS" TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE COMPANY (AS DEFINED BELOW) DISCLAIMS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY PRODUCTS WILL BE IN STOCK, SAFE, DEFECT-FREE, CONFORM WITH WRITTEN OR ORAL SPECIFICATIONS, GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR PROMISES, OR THAT PRODUCTS WILL NOT BE LOST OR DAMAGED IN SHIPMENT. THIS DISCLAIMER DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY PRODUCT WARRANTY OFFERED BY THE MANUFACTURER OF THE ITEM.

(b) USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE, SERVICES OR EMAILS SENT TO YOU WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, SECURE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, OR THAT ALL INFORMATION WILL BE ACCURATE OR COMPLETE. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR HARDWARE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF MATERIAL OR DATA. THE COMPANY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, GUARANTEE OR PROMISE THAT THE PRODUCTS OR THIS WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR ACHIEVE ANY PARTICULAR RESULTS. THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR: (I) YOUR ABILITY OR INABILITY TO UPLOAD OR DOWNLOAD ANY USER CONTENT ONTO THE IMAGE GALLERY; (II) TECHNICAL PROBLEMS OR MALFUNCTIONS THAT AFFECT THE IMAGE GALLERY OR VIEWING OF THE USER CONTENT; (III) LOST, FAULTY, ILLEGIBLE, DISTORTED, JUMBLED, GARBLED, DELAYED, OR INTERCEPTED OR OTHERWISE UN-RECEIVED, USER CONTENT OR DATA TRANSMISSIONS. THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY CONTENT OR SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE, ANY LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES OR ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES. PACKAGING, LABELS AND INSTRUCTIONS MAY CONTAIN MANUFACTURER DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY THAT APPLY TO THE PRODUCTS YOU PURCHASE. THE COMPANY MAKES ALL DISCLAIMERS IN THIS PARAGRAPH ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS.

(c) NO CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WILL THE COMPANY, ITS PARENT, AFFILIATES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES (COLLECTIVELY "THE COMPANY" FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION) BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE PERFORMANCE, USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE OR PRODUCTS, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, VIOLATION OF STATUTE OR OTHERWISE. THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE COST OF REPLACEMENT PRODUCTS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF GOOD WILL.

(d) OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED. IN ANY EVENT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE COMPANY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE PRODUCT(S) TO WHICH THE CLAIM RELATES OR, IF THE CLAIM DOES NOT RELATE TO A PRODUCT, $100.

**13\. Rewards**

The Rewards Program is subject to the [Program Rules](https://www.worldmarket.com/category/customer-service/world-market-rewards-rules.do), incorporated into this Agreement by reference.

**14\. Promotions.**

Any sweepstakes, contests, raffles, or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through this website may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms & Conditions. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our [Privacy Policy](https://www.worldmarket.com/category/customer-service/privacy-and-security.do). If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms & Conditions, the Promotion rules will apply.

**15\. Notice and Electronic Communications**

Except as explicitly stated otherwise in these Terms and Conditions, any notices you send to us shall be sent by mail to World Market, LLC, 1201 Marina Village Parkway, Alameda, California 94501, attention: President, which notice will be effective three business days after the date of mailing. In the case of notices we send you, you consent to receive notices and other communications by posting on the website or, in our discretion, by sending you an email. Notice will be deemed given (i) 24 hours after a notice is posted on the website or 24 hours after an email is sent, unless the sending party is notified that the message did not reach the recipient. You agree that a printed version of these Terms & Conditions and/or any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms & Conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

**16\. Modification & Termination**

(a) Modification. The Company may, in its sole discretion, change, modify, suspend, make improvements to or discontinue any aspect of this website, temporarily or permanently, at any time without notice to you. If you do not agree with any changes made to this website, you may elect not to use or visit this website.

(b) Termination. We reserve the right to immediately terminate your right to use this website or your account at any time and for any reason, with or without notice. If you have an account, you may terminate your account for any reason at any time by providing notice to us of your intention to do so, subject to these Terms and Conditions. If your account is terminated, the Company may, in its sole discretion, delete any content or materials relating to your use of this website. Following termination, you will not be permitted to use this website. If your account or your access to this website is terminated, the Company reserves the right to exercise whatever means it deems necessary to prevent unauthorized access to this website. Regardless of whether you have the right to access or use this website, these Terms and Conditions will survive indefinitely unless and until we choose to terminate them.

**17\. Disputes**

You and the Company agree that any dispute that has arisen or may arise between us relating in any way to your use of or access to the website, the Products, any breach, enforcement, or termination of these Terms and Conditions, or otherwise relating to the Company in any way (collectively, "Covered Matters") will be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth herein:

(a) Arbitration. These Terms and Conditions and each of its parts evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce, and the Federal Arbitration Act applies in all cases and governs the interpretation and enforcement of the arbitration rules and arbitration proceedings. Any Covered Matter must be asserted individually in binding arbitration administered by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ("JAMS") in accordance with JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (including, without limitation, utilizing desk, phone or video conference proceedings where appropriate and permitted to mitigate costs of travel) and the JAMS Policy on Consumer Arbitrations Pursuant to Pre-Dispute Clauses Minimum Standards of Procedural Fairness (which will prevail over any inconsistent terms in this Section 17). The arbitrator shall not conduct any form of class or collective arbitration nor join or consolidate claims by or for individuals. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of these Terms and Conditions, including, any claim that all or any part of these Terms and Conditions is void or voidable or a particular claim is subject to arbitration. This Section 17 shall not, however, preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

(b) Applicable Law. United States federal law, and (to the extent not inconsistent with or pre-empted by federal law) the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict of laws principles, will govern all Covered Matters.

(c) Award. For matters where the relief sought is over $5,000, the arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with applicable law, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator’s award of damages must be consistent with the terms of the "Limitation of Liability" section as to the types and the amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving different users, but is bound by rulings in prior arbitrations involving the same user to the extent required by applicable law. The arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S). ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT AFFECT OTHER USERS.

(d) Exceptions. There are two exceptions to this agreement to arbitrate:

(i) First, if either party reasonably believes that the other party has in any manner violated or threatened to infringe the intellectual property rights of the other party, the party whose rights have been violated may seek injunctive or other appropriate interim relief in any court of competent jurisdiction.

(ii) Second, no party shall be precluded from seeking remedies in small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of its jurisdiction (including amounts) and so long as the matter remains in such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative) basis.

(e) Future Amendments to the Agreement to Arbitrate. Notwithstanding any provision in the Terms and Conditions to the contrary, you and we agree that if we make any amendment to this agreement to arbitrate in the future, that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against the Company prior to the effective date of the amendment. The amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims governed by the agreement to arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between you and the Company. If you do not agree to these amended terms, you may close your account and otherwise cease use of this website within thirty (30) days of the posting or notification and you will not be bound by the amended terms.

(f) Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes. Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the agreement to arbitrate above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute, either as a result of your decision to opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, as a result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order or because you have chosen to file an eligible lawsuit in small claims court, you agree that any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and the Company must be resolved exclusively by a state, federal, or small claims court located in Alameda County, California. You and the Company agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within Alameda County, California for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes.

(g) Opt-Out. IF YOU ARE USING THIS WEBSITE FOR THE FIRST TIME, YOU CAN CHOOSE TO REJECT THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE PROVISION ("OPT-OUT") BY PROVIDING THE OPT-OUT NOTICE DESCRIBED BELOW. THAT NOTICE MUST BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE DATE YOU USE THE WEBSITE FOR THE FIRST TIME. IF YOU ARE NOT USING THE WEBSITE FOR THE FIRST TIME, YOU HAVE UNTIL THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE POSTING OF THE VERSION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FIRST CONTAINING AN OPT-OUT TO SUBMIT AN ARBITRATION OPT-OUT NOTICE.

(h) Procedure. In order to opt-out, you must email your name, address (including street address, city, state, and zip code), and email address(es) associated with your account(s) to which the opt-out applies and an unaltered digital image of a valid driver’s license which matches the name on your account to: [customercare@worldmarket.com](mailto:customercare@worldmarket.com). This procedure is the only way you can opt out of the agreement to arbitrate. If you opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, all other parts of these Terms and Conditions and this Disputes section will continue to apply to you. Opting out of this agreement to arbitrate has no effect on any previous, other, or future arbitration agreements that you may have with us.

(i) WAIVER. BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE TO A COURT TRIAL (OTHER THAN SMALL CLAIMS COURT AS PROVIDED ABOVE) OR TO SERVE AS A REPRESENTATIVE, AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR IN ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY, OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS, IN ANY LAWSUIT, ARBITRATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING FILED AGAINST US AND/OR RELATED THIRD PARTIES.

18\. General Terms

(a) Notice for California Residents. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: If you have a question or complaint regarding this website, please send an email to [customercare@worldmarket.com](mailto:customercare@worldmarket.com) .You may also contact us by writing to Attn: Customer Care, 1201 Marina Village Parkway, Alameda, CA 94501. California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.

(b) Force Majeure. We will not be liable for failing to perform resulting directly or indirectly by the occurrence of any event beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, a labor disturbance, an Internet outage or interruption of service, a communications outage, failure by a service provider to perform, fire, acts of terrorism, natural disaster or war.

(c) No Waiver; Severability. No waiver of any term of these Terms and Conditions will be binding unless in writing, no waiver of any term of these Terms and Conditions will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or remedy in these Terms and Conditions does not waive that right or remedy, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power, or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege under these Terms and Conditions. The provisions of these Terms and Conditions are intended to extend only to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. If for any reason an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms and Conditions to be invalid, the parties agree that the court should endeavor to give effect, to the maximum extent permitted by law, to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions will remain in full force and effect.

(d) Miscellaneous. These Terms and Conditions (including the documents referenced herein) contain the entire understanding between you and us regarding this website, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings regarding its subject matter. These Terms and Conditions will be binding upon each party and its successors and permitted assigns. These Terms and Conditions and all of your rights and obligations under them will not be assignable or transferable by you without the prior written consent of the Company. The Company may freely assign these Terms and Conditions, in whole or in part. The parties are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, and/or employee-employer relationship is intended or created by these Terms and Conditions.

\* \* \*

World Market Monthly Giveaway
-----------------------------

**OFFICIAL RULES**

**NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. OPEN TO LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE 50 UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 18 OR OLDER. VOID IN PUERTO RICO AND ALL OTHER U.S. TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS AND WHERE PROHIBITED.**

**SPONSOR:** World Market, LLC, 1201 Marina Village Parkway, Alameda, CA 94501 ("Sponsor").

**ELIGIBILITY:** World Market Monthly Giveaway (the "Promotion") is open to legal residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who are 18 years of age or older at the time of entry. Void in Puerto Rico and all other U.S. territories and possessions and where prohibited. Employees of Sponsor and its parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, retailers and advertising and promotion agencies, as well as the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings, children, and each of their respective spouses, regardless of where they reside) and household members of each such employee, whether related or not, are not eligible to enter or win. The Promotion is governed by U.S. law and is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. By entering, you ("Entrant") understand that you are providing your information to Sponsor. Winning a prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set forth herein. Sponsor reserves the right to verify the eligibility of winners.

**TIMING:** The Promotion is ongoing. Every month, the Promotion begins a new round, meaning that Entrants not selected as winners in a previous round can re-enter the Promotion at the start of a new round. Each round of the Promotion begins at 12:00 a.m. Pacific Time ("PT") on the first day of each calendar month and ends at 11:59 p.m. PT on last day of each calendar month (the "Promotion Period"). Sponsor's clock is the official clock for purposes of the Promotion. Sponsor has the sole discretion to determine when the last Promotion Period will be and when the Promotion will terminate, and Sponsor will make reasonable efforts to notify possible Entrants of when the Promotion is ending.

**HOW TO ENTER:** There is NO PURCHASE NECESSARY to participate. A purchase does not increase your chances of winning. To enter the Promotion, visit https://www.worldmarket.com (the "Website") to submit an entry form. Limit one (1) entry per Entrant who has not previous won per Promotion Period. Any attempt by any Entrant to obtain more than the stated number of entries by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations and logins, or any other methods will void such entries and that Entrant may be disqualified. Use of any automated or computer system to participate is prohibited and will result in disqualification. Normal Internet access and usage charges imposed by an Entrant's online service may apply. Standard data rates may apply if entering via mobile device.

Incomplete, corrupted, or untimely entries are void and will be disqualified. Sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, incomplete, damaged, stolen, or misdirected entries; lost, interrupted, or unavailable network, server, or other connections; or miscommunications, computer or software malfunctions, telephone transmission problems, technical failures, damage to a user's computer equipment (software or hardware), or other errors or malfunctions of any kind, whether human, mechanical, electronic, or otherwise. Proof of submission will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by Sponsor. In the event of a dispute as to the identity of an Entrant, the authorized account holder of the email address used to enter will be deemed to be the Entrant. The "authorized account holder" is the natural person assigned an email address by an Internet access provider, online service provider, Internet service provider, or other organization (which may include an employer) responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. Potential winners may be required to show proof of being the authorized account holder. Entries specifying an invalid, non-working, or inactive email address will be disqualified and ineligible to win.

By submitting an entry, Entrant hereby grants permission for all or any part of the entry to be posted on any of World Market's social media accounts, worldmarket.com, or other digital marketing channels and websites. Entrant agrees that Released Parties (as defined below) are not responsible for any unauthorized use of entries by third parties. Released Parties do not guarantee the posting of any entry and reserve the right to take down any posted entry at any time.

**WINNER DETERMINATION:** At the conclusion of the Promotion Period, a winner will be chosen at random from the pool of eligible entries. Sponsor's decisions are final and binding on all matters related to the Promotion.

**ODDS OF WINNING:** The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received during the Promotion Period.

**WINNER NOTIFICATION:** The potential winners will be notified via the email listed in their entry within three (3) days of the end of the Promotion Period, as described above. Potential winners may be required to execute and return a declaration of eligibility/liability release, and tax form (collectively, the "Eligibility Documents") within three (3) calendar days of date of issuance. If a potential winner cannot be reached within three (3) calendar days from the first notification attempt, or in the event of noncompliance within the above stated Eligibility Documents time period, with these Official Rules, or if prize notification is returned as undeliverable, the applicable prize will be forfeited and, at Sponsor's sole discretion, a runner-up may be selected by random drawing from the remaining pool of eligible entries. Potential winners are subject to verification by Sponsor. An Entrant is not a winner of any prize unless and until the Entrant's eligibility has been verified, and the Entrant has been notified that verification is complete.

**PRIZES:** There is one (1) Prize available each Promotional Period. One (1) winner will receive a $500 World Market e-gift card ($500 ARV) via e-mail, which is redeemable online at worldmarket.com only.

Gift cards are subject to certain terms and conditions as specified by Sponsor. No substitution, assignment, cash equivalent or transfer of prizes is permitted, except by Sponsor, who reserves the right to substitute a prize with another prize of comparable or greater value, at its sole discretion. All prize details are at the sole discretion of the Sponsor.

**TAXES, EXPENSES, AND LOSSES:** Winners are solely responsible for all federal, state, and local taxes and all other fees and expenses associated with prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being awarded. Winners are responsible for any loss of prize or portion of prize after it has been delivered. Sponsor will not replace any lost or stolen prizes.

**GENERAL CONDITIONS:** By participating in the Promotion, Entrants fully and unconditionally agree to and accept these Official Rules and the decisions of Sponsor, which are final and binding in all matters related to the Promotion.

**WARNING:** ANY ATTEMPT BY AN ENTRANT OR ANY OTHER INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEB SITE ASSOCIATED WITH THIS PROMOTION OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THE PROMOTION MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAW, AND, SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, SPONSOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO PROSECUTE AND SEEK DAMAGES FROM ANY SUCH PERSON TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. Sponsor reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be attempting to tamper with or undermine the entry process, and/or the legitimate operation of the Promotion; to violate the Official Rules; or to act in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner or with the intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any other person.

By participating in the Promotion, Entrants consent to the use of their names, cities and states of residence, social media channel username(s), voices, and/or photographs and/or similar related information for promotional, advertising and other purposes in any and all media now or hereafter known throughout the world in perpetuity by Sponsor and its designees, without additional compensation, notification or permission, except where prohibited by law.

Sponsor's failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.

**RELEASE:** Entrants agree to release and hold harmless Sponsor and its parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, suppliers, distributors, retailers, and advertising and promotion agencies, and all of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees, and agents (collectively, "Released Parties") from any claims, actions, injury, liability, loss or damage of any kind resulting from participating in this Promotion or from the acceptance or use/misuse of any prize awarded.

**LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY:** Released Parties are not responsible nor liable for: (i) technical failures of any kind, including but not limited to the malfunctioning of any computer, cable, network, hardware or software; (ii) the unavailability or inaccessibility of any transmissions or telephone or Internet service; (iii) late, lost, stolen, undelivered, misdirected, delayed, inaccurate, garbled or incomplete entries or for any electronic, computer, printing, typographical, human or other error relating to or in connection with the Promotion, including, without limitation, errors which may occur in connection with the administration of the Promotion, the processing of entries, the announcement of the prizes, or in any Promotion-related materials (including these Official Rules); or (iv) any injury or damage to persons or property, including but not limited to Entrant's computer, hardware, or software, which injury or damage may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from Entrant's participation in the Promotion.

BY PARTICIPATING IN THIS PROMOTION, ENTRANT AGREES THAT THE RELEASED PARTIES WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY INJURIES, DAMAGES, OR LOSSES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES TO PERSONS, INCLUDING DEATH, OR TO PROPERTY ARISING OUT OF ACCESS TO AND USE OF ANY WEBSITE ASSOCIATED WITH THE PROMOTION OR THE DOWNLOADING FROM AND/OR PRINTING MATERIAL DOWNLOADED FROM ANY SUCH SITE.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING REGARDING THE PROMOTION, INCLUDING ALL PRIZES, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY. CHECK LOCAL LAWS.

Sponsor reserves the right to cancel or modify the Promotion if bugs, virus, fraud, technical failures, or any other factor impairs the integrity, administration, or proper play of the Promotion, as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion.

**PRIVACY:** Information collected from an Entrant is subject to the Sponsor's Privacy Policy, which can be found at https://www.worldmarket.com/category/customer-service/privacy-and-security.do. Entrants should be aware that Sponsor may be collecting non-public, personally-identifiable information about them in connection with the operation of the Promotion. Subject to applicable law, Sponsor and Sponsor's agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, representatives, or service providers may use Entrants' personal information submitted with entry for purposes of prize fulfillment and/or for future marketing by Sponsor, such as to notify them of a product or promotion that Sponsor think may be of interest. Sponsor will not sell personal information submitted with entry to outside solicitors.

**ARBITRATION:** Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in this Promotion, Entrant agrees that (1) any and all disputes and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion, or any prizes awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by final and binding arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association and held at the AAA regional office nearest the Entrant; (2) the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration clause and all proceedings at such arbitration; and (3) judgment upon such arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Under no circumstances will Entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and Entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys' fees, other than Entrant's actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with participating in this Promotion), and Entrant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.

**CHOICE OF LAW:** All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of Entrant and Sponsor in connection with the Promotion, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of California, USA.

**RULES/WINNERS NAMES:** For the names of the winners, available after each monthly Promotion Period, or for an additional copy of these Official Rules, mail a self-addressed stamped envelope to: World Market's Monthly Giveaway, Attn: Digital Marketing, 1201 Marina Village Pkwy, Alameda, CA, 94501. Please specify "Rules" or "Winners' Names." Vermont residents may omit return postage for "Rules" requests. You may also view these Official Rules at https://www.worldmarket.com/category/customer-service/terms-of-use.do.

\* \* \*