Find more solutions

Amazon Business Acceptable Use Policy
=====================================

This Acceptable Use Policy (this **“Policy”**) describes policies surrounding your access to an Amazon Business Account, your use of an Amazon Business User Account (“User Account”), and your use of Amazon Business. The examples described in this Policy are not exhaustive.

**YOUR ACCESS TO THE BUSINESS ACCOUNT.** Your access to, and permission to use, Amazon Business and your individual User Account has been granted to you by the organization which holds the Business Account to which your User Account belongs. In addition to this Policy, your User Account is subject to the terms and conditions applicable to your organization’s Business Account, as amended. The current online version of the Business Accounts Terms and Conditions is available [here](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp_bc_nav?ie=UTF8&nodeId=202119380). You organization has the right to change or restrict your ability to use Amazon Business products and services, and to terminate your access to Amazon Business and your User Account.

**ACCOUNT INFORMATION.** The persons in your organization that control the Business Account to which your User Account belongs have access to personal information in your User Account (for example your order history, addresses, and payment information), and have authority over your User Account (with the ability to close or disable your User Account). If you had a personal consumer account that you converted to a User Account, such persons will also have access to all personal information on such account before it was converted to a User Account. You release Amazon from any and all liability arising from disclosure of any User Account information to your organization or the persons that control your Business Account.

**BUSINESS USE AND NON-BUSINESS USE.** You must use Amazon Business exclusively for business purposes. You may not purchase any products through Amazon Business for personal or household use, nor use any Amazon Business services for personal or household use. You must be at least 18 years old to use Amazon Business.

In addition to Amazon Business, Amazon.com provides a variety of other services, content and features for individual consumers that are optimized for individual consumer accounts, and your User Account may not be able to access or use those services, content or features. If you can access such services, content and features using your User Account, you must comply with any separate terms and conditions applicable to such services, content, and features, including the [Amazon.com Conditions of Use](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=ap_frn_condition_of_use?ie=UTF8&nodeId=508088). If you would like to create your personal, individual consumer account, please click [here](https://www.amazon.com/ap/register?_encoding=UTF8&openid.assoc_handle=usflex&openid.claimed_id=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.identity=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0%2Fidentifier_select&openid.mode=checkid_setup&openid.ns=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fauth%2F2.0&openid.ns.pape=http%3A%2F%2Fspecs.openid.net%2Fextensions%2Fpape%2F1.0&openid.pape.max_auth_age=0&openid.return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2Fgp%2Fyourstore%2Fhome%3Fie%3DUTF8%26ref_%3Dnav_newcust).

**YOUR OBLIGATIONS.** In your use of Amazon Business, please keep these obligations in mind:

**SECURITY.** You must protect your account credentials, including your password, and not permit any unauthorized users to access your User Account using such credentials. You will contact Amazon immediately if you believe an unauthorized third party may be using your User Account or if your User Account information or your credentials are lost or stolen.

**TERMINATION.** If you leave your organization or are no longer authorized to purchase, approve or act on behalf of your organization, you must cease use of your User Account immediately.

**SUBMITTING REVIEWS.** You may post reviews, comments, photos, videos, and other content; send e-cards and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you are submitting such content or material in your individual capacity and the [Conditions of Use](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=ap_frn_condition_of_use?ie=UTF8&nodeId=508088) govern your submissions and Amazon’s use of such content or material.

**NO ILLEGAL, HARMFUL, OR OFFENSIVE USE OR CONTENT.** You may not use, or encourage, promote, facilitate or instruct others to use, Amazon Business for any illegal, harmful, fraudulent, infringing or offensive use, or to transmit, store, display, distribute or otherwise make available content that is illegal, harmful, fraudulent, infringing or offensive. Amazon has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content.

**APP PERMISSIONS.** When you use apps created by Amazon, such as using the Amazon App to access Amazon Business or the Kindle App, you may grant us certain permissions for your device. Most mobile devices provide information about these permissions; to learn more click [here](https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=201818880).

**NO E-MAIL OR OTHER MESSAGE ABUSE.** You will not distribute, publish, send, or facilitate the sending of unsolicited mass e-mail or other messages, promotions, advertising, or solicitations (like “spam”), including commercial advertising and informational announcements.

**OUR MONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT.** We reserve the right to investigate violations of this Policy or misuse of Amazon Business. We may report any activity that we suspect violates any Law to your organization, or if circumstances warrant, to the appropriate law enforcement officials or other appropriate third parties. Our reporting may include disclosing information about your organization and about your User Account. We also may cooperate with your organization, and/or appropriate law enforcement agencies, regulators, and other appropriate third parties to help with the investigation and prosecution of illegal conduct by providing network and systems information related to alleged violations of this Policy. If you violate this Policy or authorize or help others to do so, we may suspend or terminate your access to your User Account, Amazon Business and/or your use of the Amazon Business Services.

**Last Updated:** June 15, 2018.