Privacy and Legal
-----------------

### Terms of Use Agreement

**THESE TERMS OF USE DESCRIBE YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES SO PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY**

This is the official Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") for Shockwave.com ("Shockwave", "Site," "we," "us," or "our"), an Internet website owned and operated by Addicting Games, Inc. ("AG"). This Agreement governs only the content, software, features, and activities related to this Site and does not cover websites for any other AG programming channel, or any subsidiaries or affiliates of AG (collectively, "Affiliates"), or any other company, unless specifically stated.

AG operates and controls the Site from its offices in New York, NY, in the United States of America. We make no representation that the Site is appropriate or available in other locations. Accordingly, those persons accessing the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Software made available from this Site (including without limitation game downloads) is subject to United States export controls. Thus, no software from this Site may be downloaded, exported or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading any software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of, any such country or on any such list.

These terms and conditions regarding your use of the Site constitute a legally binding agreement between you and AG. In this Agreement, the term "Site" includes all websites and web pages within the Site as well as any equivalent, mirror, replacement, substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with the Site and also includes all software and Applications (as defined in Section 10 of this Agreement) made available through the Site. Your use of the site constitutes your acknowledgement of, and agreement to, abide by the terms of this Agreement and any additional terms that govern certain products and services, such as subscription services and e-commerce services ("Services"), which will be presented in conjunction with those products and services ("Additional Terms"), including the Shockwave [**User Submission Agreement**](https://www.shockwave.com/about/submissionAgreement.jsp) (governing your submission of User Material (as such term is defined therein), the [**Virtual Currency Purchasing Agreement**](https://www.shockwave.com/about/virtualCurrencyAgreement.jsp) (governing purchases of/with Virtual Currencies), and/or any rules of participation ("Rules") presented with certain activities and services including, but not limited to, contests and sweepstakes, and award programs.

The Site's Additional Terms, the [**Privacy Policy**](https://www.shockwave.com/about/privacyPolicy.jsp) and/or the Rules, when applicable, are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference. To the extent a conflict exists between this Agreement and any applicable Additional Terms or Rules, the Additional Terms or Rules shall govern. This Agreement will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site and in the event of termination of any membership, Service or feature, you will still be bound by your obligations under this Agreement, the [**Privacy Policy**](https://www.shockwave.com/about/privacyPolicy.jsp), any Additional Terms or Rules, including any indemnifications, warranties and limitations of liability.

The words "use" and/or "using" in this Agreement mean any time an individual (a "user"), directly or indirectly, with or without the aid of a machine or device, does or attempts to access, interact with, use, display, view, print or copy from the Site, transmit, receive or exchange data or communicate with the Site, or in any way utilizes, benefits, takes advantage of or interacts with any function, Service or feature of the Site, for any purpose whatsoever. This Agreement does not cover your rights or responsibilities with respect to third party content or sites or any links that may direct your browser or your connection to third party sites or pages. This is the entire and exclusive Agreement between you and us regarding your use of the Site and it cannot be modified, except as specifically described belo