Legal Notice and Imprint
------------------------

Imprint
-------

Minimum Spanning Technologies Limited (10889544).  
International House, 24 Holborn Viaduct,  
London, EC1A 2BN, United Kingdom.

Legal Notice
------------

Privacy policy
--------------

When using our services, you may be asked to provide personal information. Providing that information voluntary. Your personal data will be stored and processed in accordance with applicable privacy laws.

Personal data collected on our website is used for the purpose of processing contracts and dealing with your inquiries. We assure that your data will be treated confidentially in accordance with the applicable data protection and privacy regulations. Your data will only be processed and used for the purposes of consulting, advertising and market research with your express consent.

Cookies
-------

Cookies are small data sets that are generated by a web server, sent through the Internet and stored on an end device with the help of the browser program. The website uses "cookies" essentially to recognize users or their devices, to save the user's preferences or information for the duration of the surfing or in the event of return. Cookies are also used to display behavior-based advertising and to control ad content.

A cookie enables us to identify you when you visit the site again and to provide you with offers that are tailored to your individual needs and relevant to you. You can disable the use of cookies at any time via your browser settings. You can find out all about cookies in our Cookie Policy.

Copyright
---------

© Copyright 2020. Minimum Spanning Technologies Limited (10889544). International House, 24 Holborn Viaduct, London, EC1A 2BN, United Kingdom.

Liability
---------

This website has been compiled with the greatest possible care. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee the correctness and accuracy of the information contained therein. We shall not be liable for any damages arising directly or indirectly from the use of this website, unless caused by intent or gross negligence on our. Please see our Terms of Use for further information.

Trademarks
----------

Unless otherwise indicated, all trademarks on this website are protected under applicable trademark law. This applies in particular to trademarks, type designations, logos and emblems.

Disclaimer
----------

The Arweave software enables you to store data permanently in the decentralized blockweave. Once data has been stored by one or more miners, there is no guaranteed way of deleting this data. Therefore, please do not store any personal or confidential data in clear text in the blockweave (e.g., names, personal identifiers, but also other information that may identify individuals or that should not be made public).

Applicable laws might allow you to store encrypted personal or confidential data in the blockweave, but you are responsible for your own compliance with data protection and other applicable laws (e.g., checking whether you have a legal basis for doing so and informing data subjects).

If you have uploaded encrypted personal data you can set two flags either (i) telling miners that your encrypted personal data should not be stored outside of the EU or (ii) that your previously uploaded encrypted personal data should be deleted. There is no guarantee that miners respect those flags.

Please read our documentation on the website carefully before using the blockweave.

Note that Minimum Spanning Technologies Limited is not responsible for the operation of the blockweave, but operates this website for information purposes only.