Cookie Information  
(Last update 19.01.2023)
---------------------------------------------

1\. What are cookies?
---------------------

Cookies are small data sets that are generated by a web server, sent through the Internet and stored on an end device with the help of the browser program. The website uses "cookies" essentially to recognize users or their devices, to save the user's preferences or information for the duration of the sur ng or in the event of return. Cookies are also used to display behavior-based advertising and to control ad content.

2\. Types of cookies
--------------------

2.1 Distinction by domain
-------------------------

First party cookies: Are sent and read exclusively from the domain of the service provider.  
Third party cookies: Are sent and read by domains from other service providers.

2.2 Distinction according to storage duration
---------------------------------------------

Session cookies (session-id): Temporary cookies that are automatically deleted when the browser is closed. Session cookies enable the user's movements on the website to be recognized, so that information is retained. Without cookies, websites have no "memory".

Persistent cookies: Persistent cookies that have to be deleted manually or are deleted after a certain period of time. These cookies help the website to remember the user and their preferences; e.g. language selection, menu preferences, internal bookmarks or favorites.

2.3 Differentiation by usage
----------------------------

Technically necessary cookies: These cookies are required to ensure the functionality of the website and web application and cannot be deactivated for this reason.

Analysis cookies: These cookies collect anonymous information to create statistics to better understand user behavior on the website and in the web application and to improve the application.

Marketing Cookies: These cookies store information about visited websites in order to display personalized advertisements.

3\. Use of cookies without consent
----------------------------------

Arweave is entitled to store cookies on the end device of the (informed) user, the sole purpose of which is to carry out or facilitate the transmission of a message over an electronic communications network, or, to the extent strictly necessary, to carry out a service expressly requested by the participant or user to provide a service (Article 5 (3) ePrivacy Directive).

4\. Cookies we use
------------------

We use the following Cookies:

Name: \_ga  
Purpose: Analyse website usage for technical improvement.  
Duration: 2 years

Name: \_gat\_gtag\_UA  
Purpose: Store a unique user ID for statistics.  
Duration: 1 minute

Name: \_gid  
Store and count pageviews for statistics.  
Duration: 24 hours

4.1 Information on Google Analytics
-----------------------------------

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA („Google“) that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: [https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)