Effective date: December 16, 2025

Read these terms and conditions (this “Agreement”) for important information about our text alert services (“Aetna® text alerts”). Aetna is the brand name used for products and services provided by one or more of the Aetna group of companies, including Aetna Life Insurance Company and its affiliates (“Aetna”). **This agreement contains a mandatory arbitration of disputes provision that requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions.**

Aetna or one or more of its affiliates offers access to health care service messages via recurring SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Message Service) text alerts and email alerts. Enrollment in text alerts requires a member to provide his or her own mobile phone number with an area code within the 50 United States or the District of Columbia. Enrollment in email alerts requires member to provide an email address. By enrolling to receive Aetna text or email alerts, you agree to these terms and conditions, which become effective upon your enrollment. You may be asked to verify your mobile phone number before the service will start. This requires responding to a text alert sent to your mobile phone confirming your enrollment in this Service.

You acknowledge that alerts will be sent to the mobile phone number or email address you provide to Aetna. Such alerts may include personal information about your health based on the type of information you choose to receive via electronic communication, and whoever has access to the mobile phone or carrier account or email address will also be able to see this information.

You acknowledge that if you elect to receive protected health information (PHI) as defined in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) via text alerts or email alerts, you are:

1.  Electing to receive such information through an unencrypted method of communication.
2.  Acknowledging that information contained in an unencrypted e-mail and/or text message is at risk of being intercepted and read by, or disclosed to, unauthorized third parties.

Once you enroll, the frequency of text or email alerts we send to you will vary. You will typically receive alerts when we have information for you about health care information. Aetna does not impose a separate charge for text alerts; however, your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply depending on the terms and conditions of your mobile phone contract. You are solely responsible for all message and data charges that you incur. Contact your mobile service provider about such charges.

**The following carriers are supported:**

AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, Boost Mobile, MetroPCS, Virgin Mobile, Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central, IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), COX, Cross, Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), Nex-Tech Wireless, NTelos, Panhandle Communications, Pioneer, Plateau (Texas RSA 3 Ltd), Revol, RINA, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, Viaero Wireless, and West Central (WCC or 5 Star Wireless).

You may opt out of Aetna text alerts at any time.

*   To stop receiving text alerts, text **STOP** to the number upon which you are receiving text alerts, including **37046, 37986, 37686, 39561, 41368, 41568, 41938, 46716, 47313, 49540, 66902, 67954, 69022, 70276, 72483, 77583, 79720** or **90156** (or the number from which you are receiving Aetna alerts). After you submit a request to unsubscribe, you will receive one final text alert from Aetna confirming that you will no longer receive text alerts. No additional text alerts will be sent unless you re-activate your enrollment to the text alert program.
*   For questions about text alerts, text the word **HELP** to **37046, 37986, 37686, 39561, 41368, 41568, 41938, 46716, 47313, 49540, 66902, 67954, 69022, 70276, 72483, 77583, 79720** or **90156**.

Text alerts may come from any one of these short codes, and Aetna may change, add or remove short codes as necessary.

The Aetna text alert programs are offered on an “as is” basis and:

1.  May not be available in all areas at all times.
2.  May not continue to work in the event of product, software, coverage or other service changes made by your wireless carrier.

Aetna may change or discontinue any of its text alert programs without notice or liability to you. Aetna and its related companies and each of their respective officers, directors and employees are not responsible and shall not be liable for any losses or injuries of any kind resulting, directly or indirectly, from any Aetna text alert program or from technical failures or delays of any kind. Aetna reserves the right to cease delivery of text alerts to any person at any time in its sole discretion.

#### **Dispute resolution**

**Arbitration agreement; jury trial waiver; class action waiver; jurisdiction and venue.  
**  
**Please read this section carefully. it contains an arbitration agreement. this section may significantly affect your legal rights, including your right to file a lawsuit in court and to have a jury hear your claims. this section also contains procedures for final binding individual arbitration and a waiver of any and all rights to proceed in a class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general, or representative action (collectively, “class action”) in arbitration or litigation.  
**  
**This section also addresses that you and Aetna are giving up the right to have a jury trial to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law and to file or participate in a class action subject to the limited exclusion below. in arbitration, disputes are resolved by an arbitrator, not a judge or jury, and there is less discovery and appellate review than in court.**

Most customer concerns can be resolved by contacting Member Service at the phone number on your ID card. In the event Member Service is unable to resolve a complaint to your satisfaction, this Section explains how any Dispute (as defined below) will be resolved.

For purposes of this Section, the terms “Aetna,” “our,” “we,” or “us” include the Aetna group of companies, including Aetna Life Insurance Company and its affiliates, including its agents, representatives, employees, vendors and suppliers.

a) Arbitration Agreement. **You and Aetna agree that any dispute (defined below) shall be resolved by final and binding individual arbitration except as otherwise provided herein. notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may elect to have individual claims heard in small claims court if those claims qualify for small claims court and so long as the matter remains in such court and is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction and advances only on an individual (non-class action basis). any dispute over whether claims qualify for small claims court is for the small claims court to decide in the first instance and, if necessary, for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide.**

You and Aetna agree that this Agreement affects interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq., and federal arbitration law apply to this Arbitration Agreement and govern all questions as to whether a Dispute is subject to arbitration.

For purposes of this Section, except for disputes that qualify for Small Claims Court, “Dispute” shall include all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement, text messages and/or emails sent from Aetna, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, including those that: (a) arose before you entered into this Agreement or out of a prior agreement with Aetna; (b) are subject to ongoing litigation where you are not a party or a member of a certified class; and/or (c) arise after the termination of this Agreement. “Dispute,” however, does not include disagreements or claims concerning patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and claims of piracy or unauthorized use of intellectual property or claims for personal bodily injury, which shall not be subject to arbitration or the notice and informal process described below. The arbitrator shall decide all issues except for: (a) those that are specifically reserved for a court herein; (b) those issues relating to the scope, validity, and enforceability of the Arbitration Agreement or any of the provisions of this Section; (c) any issues arising from or relating to the arbitrability of any Dispute; and (d) whether the arbitration administrator cannot or will not administer the arbitration in accordance with this Arbitration Agreement—all of which are for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide. This Arbitration Agreement does not prevent you from bringing your Dispute to the attention of any federal, state, or local government agency.

1.  Mandatory Pre-Arbitration Informal Dispute Resolution. You and Aetna agree to engage cooperatively to try to resolve any Dispute informally prior to you or Aetna initiating an arbitration proceeding. You or Aetna must first send a written notice to the other party providing a detailed description of the Dispute; your or our name and contact information (address, telephone number, email address, and account number if applicable); sufficient information to enable you or us to identify any transaction at issue (including any receipts or purchase details); and a detailed description of: (a) the nature and basis of the Dispute and any claims and (b) the nature and basis of the relief sought (including a detailed calculation of any damages). Your notice to us must be personally signed by you (and your attorney if you are represented by legal counsel). Our notice to you must be personally signed by an Aetna representative (and our attorney if we are represented by legal counsel).  
      
    Your notice to Aetna must be sent to Aetna Life Insurance Company, c/o CT Corporation System, 357 E Center St. Ste 2J, Manchester, CT, 06040-4471. Our notice to you must be sent to the most recent contact information that you have provided to us.  
      
    For a period of 60 days from the date of receipt of a completed notice from the other party, you and we will work together using reasonable efforts to try to resolve the Dispute. If requested by us in connection with a notice initiated by you, you agree to personally participate in an individualized telephone settlement conference (and if you are represented by an attorney, your attorney may also participate) to discuss a potential early resolution of the matter. If requested by you in connection with a notice initiated by us, we agree to have an Aetna representative personally participate in an individualized, telephone settlement conference (and if we are represented by an attorney, our attorney may also participate). If the Dispute is not resolved within this 60-day period (which can be extended by agreement of the parties), you or we may commence arbitration consistent with the process set forth below. Compliance with this informal dispute resolution process is mandatory and a condition precedent to initiating arbitration.  
      
    Any applicable limitations period (including statutes of limitations) shall be tolled while the parties engage in this informal dispute resolution process.  
      
    If the sufficiency of a notice or compliance with this informal dispute resolution process is at issue, such issue may be raised with and decided by a court of competent jurisdiction at either party’s election, and the parties agree that any arbitration shall be stayed pending resolution of the issue. The court shall have the authority to enforce this condition precedent to arbitration, which includes the power to enjoin the filing or prosecution of a demand for arbitration. You or we may also elect to raise non-compliance with this informal dispute resolution process and seek relief in arbitration.  
      
    
2.  Arbitration Rules and Procedures; Individualized Relief; Fees. To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send an arbitration demand to National Arbitration and Mediation (“NAM”) with a copy to Aetna Life Insurance Company, c/o CT Corporation System, 357 E Center St. Ste 2J, Manchester, CT, 06040-4471 or we must send an arbitration demand to NAM with a copy sent to you at the most current address we have on file. The arbitration demand must be accompanied by a certification of completion of the informal dispute resolution process and a copy of the notice. The arbitration demand and certification must be personally signed by you and your attorney, if you are represented by legal counsel (if you are initiating arbitration) or by an Aetna representative or our attorney, if we are represented by legal counsel (if we are initiating arbitration). By filing the arbitration demand, the party and its attorney initiating the arbitration represent that to the best of their information, knowledge, and belief, formed after a reasonable inquiry that: (a) the arbitration demand is not being presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of dispute resolution; (b) the claims or other legal contentions are warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law or for establishing new law; and (c) the factual contentions have evidentiary support or, if specifically so identified, will likely have evidentiary support after reasonable opportunity for further investigation or discovery. The arbitrator is expressly authorized to impose any sanctions available under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 on represented parties and their counsel.  
      
    The arbitration will be administered by NAM under its applicable rules, including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings, as applicable (“NAM Rules”), as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. The NAM Rules and fee information are available at www.namadr.com. If NAM is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration consistent with the NAM Rules as modified by this Arbitration Agreement, the parties shall agree on an administrator that will do so. If the parties cannot agree on an administrator, they shall jointly petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint an administrator that will administer the arbitration consistent with the NAM Rules as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. Payment of all arbitration fees will be governed by the NAM Rules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the arbitrator may issue an award pursuant to Federal Rules of Civil Procedure 11 and 68 as referenced in this Arbitration Agreement. Aetna will consider a request to reimburse the consumer filing fee upon a demonstration of hardship. You and we agree that the parties have a shared interest in reducing the fees and costs and increasing the efficiencies associated with arbitration. Therefore, you or we may elect to engage with NAM regarding fees, and you and we agree that the parties (and your and our counsel, if you and we are represented) will work together in good faith to ensure that arbitration remains cost-effective for all parties.  
      
    You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by a phone, video, or in-person hearing, or through written submissions, except any Dispute seeking $25,000 or more or injunctive relief shall have an in-person or video hearing. You and Aetna reserve the right to request a hearing in any matter from the arbitrator. You and Aetna agree that you and an Aetna representative will personally appear at any hearing (along with your and our respective legal counsel, if the parties are represented by counsel). If an in-person arbitration hearing is required, then it will be conducted at a location in the United States county where you live or work or such other location agreed upon by both parties.  
      
    The arbitration will be conducted by a single arbitrator who will apply this Agreement as a court would and will adjudicate any Dispute according to applicable law and facts based upon the record only. The arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written award. The cost-shifting provisions of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68 shall apply and be awarded by the arbitrator if required by the Rule. The arbitration award shall have no preclusive effect in any other arbitration or proceeding that does not involve you and Aetna. An award that has been satisfied may not be entered in court.  
    **Unless both you and we agree otherwise, all claims and disputes within the scope of this arbitration agreement must be arbitrated or litigated on an individual basis and not on a class, representative, collective, or private attorney general basis. claims of more than one person cannot be arbitrated jointly or be consolidated with those of any other person. additionally, you and Aetna agree that the arbitrator may award individual relief available in court (including, without limitation, damages, declaratory, injunctive, or other equitable relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's particular claim. the arbitrator may not issue a “public injunction.” the arbitrator does not have the power to vary these class action waiver provisions. if, for any reason, a court of competent jurisdiction holds that these restrictions are unenforceable with respect to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), and all appeals from that decision have been exhausted (or the decision is otherwise final), the parties agree that the particular claim or request for relief may proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction but shall be stayed pending arbitration of all remaining claims and requests for relief.  
      
    **
3.  Additional Procedures for Mass Filings. You and Aetna agree that these procedures (in addition to all others provided in Section) shall also apply if you choose to participate in a “Mass Filing” (defined below).  
      
    If 25 or more similar Disputes (including yours) are asserted against Aetna by the same or coordinated counsel or are otherwise coordinated (“Mass Filing”), consistent with the definition and criteria of Mass Filing set forth in the NAM Rules, you understand and agree that by choosing to be part of a Mass Filing, these additional procedures shall apply, and the resolution of your Dispute might be delayed and ultimately proceed in court if not resolved through the process set forth below. The parties agree that throughout this process, their counsel shall meet and confer in an effort to informally resolve the Disputes, streamline procedures, address the informal exchange of information, modify the number of Disputes to be adjudicated and to promote efficiency, conservation of resources, and the resolution of claims.  
      
    If your claim is part of a Mass Filing, any applicable limitations periods (including statutes of limitations) shall be tolled for your Dispute from the time that the Mass Filing is first submitted to NAM until your Dispute proceeds in arbitration or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration pursuant to this Section.  
      
    STAGE ONE: Counsel for the claimants and counsel for Aetna shall each select 25 claims per side (50 claims total) to proceed as cases in individual arbitration proceedings as part of an initial staged process. Alternatively, either side’s counsel may elect to have their 25 cases selected randomly. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed as part of this initial staged process can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 100 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage One). Each of the 50 (or fewer) cases shall be assigned to a different arbitrator and proceed in individual arbitrations. If a case is withdrawn without the consent of both parties, then another Dispute shall be selected consistent with the selection process referenced above to proceed as part of this Stage One. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any administrative fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims until they are selected to proceed to individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. If after this initial set of proceedings the parties are unable to informally resolve the remaining Disputes, they shall participate in a global mediation session with a retired federal or state court judge to be jointly selected by counsel for the parties in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stage One), and Aetna shall pay the mediator’s fee.  
      
    STAGE TWO: If the remaining Disputes have not been resolved at the conclusion of Stage One, counsel for the claimants and counsel for Aetna shall each select 50 Disputes per side (100 claims total) to be filed and to proceed as cases in individual arbitrations as part of a second staged process, subject to any procedural changes the parties agree to in writing following mediation or through continuing, good faith discussions. Alternatively, either side’s counsel may elect to have their 50 Disputes selected randomly. The number of Disputes to be selected to proceed as part of this second staged process can be increased by agreement of counsel for the parties (and if there are fewer than 200 Disputes, all shall proceed individually in Stage Two). No more than 3 cases may be assigned to a single arbitrator to proceed individually unless the parties agree otherwise. If a case is withdrawn without the consent of both parties, then another Dispute shall be selected consistent with the selection process referenced above to proceed as part of this Stage Two. The remaining Disputes shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration nor shall any administrative fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims. After this second set of staged proceedings is completed, the parties shall engage in a global mediation session of all remaining Disputes with a retired federal or state court judge to be jointly selected by counsel for the parties in an effort to resolve the remaining Disputes (as informed by the adjudications of cases in Stages One and Two), and Aetna shall again pay the mediator’s fee.  
      
    Upon the completion of the global mediation session set forth in Stage Two, each remaining Dispute (if any) that is not settled or not withdrawn shall be opted out of arbitration and may only proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, counsel for the parties may mutually agree in writing to proceed with the adjudication of the remaining Disputes in individual arbitration proceedings consistent with the process set forth in Stage Two (except Disputes shall be randomly selected and mediation shall be elective by agreement of counsel for the parties) or through another mutually-agreeable process.  
      
    A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce the Additional Procedures for Mass Filings section of the Arbitration Agreement, including by enjoining the Mass Filing, and the prosecution or administration of arbitrations.  
      
    The Additional Procedures for Mass Filings section of the Arbitration Agreement and each of its requirements are essential parts of this Arbitration Agreement. If, after exhaustion of all appeals, a court of competent jurisdiction decides that this section applies to your Dispute and is not enforceable, then your Dispute shall not proceed in arbitration and shall only proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with the remainder of this Agreement.  
      
    
4.  Opt-out. You have the right to opt out of arbitration by sending your personally signed, written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: Aetna Life Insurance Company, c/o CT Corporation System, 357 E Center St. Ste 2J, Manchester, CT, 06040-4471, postmarked within 60 days of the first time you agreed to terms with Aetna that included an arbitration agreement. You must include: (a) your name and residential address; (b) the email address and/or telephone number associated with your account; and (c) a clear statement that you want to opt out of arbitration and seek to have any Dispute addressed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with this Agreement. By opting out of arbitration, all other provisions in this Agreement, including the class action waiver and jury trial waiver, remain in effect to the fullest extent permissible by applicable law.  
      
    
5.  Severability and Survival. Except as specifically provided in the Arbitration Agreement (e.g., the Additional Procedures for Mass Filings), if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement is/are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable as to your Dispute, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed, and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of this Agreement.  
      
    
6.  Future Changes to Arbitration Agreement. If we make any future changes to this Arbitration Agreement (other than a change to our mailing address), you may reject any such change by sending your personally signed, written notice to the following address: Aetna Life Insurance Company, c/o CT Corporation System, 357 E Center St. Ste 2J, Manchester, CT, 06040-4471, postmarked within 30 days of the change. Such written notice does not constitute an opt-out of arbitration altogether. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Aetna in accordance with this version of the Arbitration Agreement.

b) Waiver of Jury Trial; Waiver of Class Actions. **To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, you and Aetna waive the right to a jury trial. you and Aetna also waive any right to bring or participate in a class action in arbitration or in litigation in court. notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties retain the right to participate in a class-wide settlement.**