Amazon Publisher Services Agreement
===================================

Last Updated February 24, 2025  
See [what's changed](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsagreementupdates.html)

#### Table of Contents

GENERAL TERMS

1. [Program Materials](#1)
2. [Compliance with Laws; Privacy; Data](#2)
3. [Representations](#3)
4. [Indemnification](#4)
5. [DISCLAIMER](#5)
6. [EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY](#6)
7. [Publicity](#7)
8. [Confidentiality](#8)
9. [Term and Termination; Suspension](#9)
10. [Modification](#10)
11. [Conflicts; Governing Law](#11)
12. [Miscellaneous](#12)

SPECIFIC TERMS

1. [THE AMAZON DEMAND PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS](#a)
2. [THE TRANSPARENT AD MARKETPLACE PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS](#b)
3. [THE PRIVATE MARKETPLACE PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS](#d)
4. [THE UNIFIED AD MARKETPLACE PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS](#e)
5. [THE PUBLISHER AUDIENCES PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS](#f)
6. [THE APS CONNECTIONS MARKETPLACE PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS](#g)
7. [THE AMAZON PUBLISHER CLOUD PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS](#h)
8. [THE APS BETA PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS](#i)

This Amazon Publisher Services Agreement (this “**Agreement**”) is an agreement between A9.com LLC and Amazon Europe Core S.a.r.l. (each an “**Amazon Party**” and, together with its Affiliates (as defined below), “**Amazon**,” “**we**,” “**our**,” or “**us**”) and the entity you represent (“**you**”).  Amazon and you are sometimes each referred to herein as a “**Party**” and collectively as the “**Parties**.”

BY PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAMS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT (“**PROGRAMS**”) YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS HEREIN, WHICH INCLUDE THE GENERAL TERMS AND THE PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS. FOR CLARITY, THE GENERAL TERMS ARE APPLICABLE TO ALL OF THE PROGRAMS AND THE SPECIFIC TERMS OF EACH PROGRAM ARE ONLY APPLICABLE TO YOU IF YOU PARTICIPATE IN THAT PROGRAM.  

#### GENERAL TERMS 

Amazon Publisher Services ("**APS**") includes various advertising programs that enable you to display or play Ads on your Sites in order to monetize your advertising inventory. “**Ads**” means advertising content. “**Network Properties**” means websites, mobile properties, connected TV properties, and connected device properties that are not owned, operated, or controlled by you, but on which you have a contractual right to display or play Ads. “**Site**” means Your Properties and Network Properties. “**Your Properties**” are websites, mobile properties, connected TV properties, and connected device properties that are owned, operated, or controlled by you.

1. **Program Materials**            
    1. **License.** We may make available certain software, application programming interfaces, documentation, and related information for use in connection with the Programs (the “**Program Materials**”). You will use the most recent version of Program Materials that we provide to you. We grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable license to use and reproduce the Program Materials as contemplated by this Agreement.                
        
    2. **Limitations.** You will not reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or modify the Program Materials or create derivative works of the Program Materials. You will not use the Program Materials with any software or other materials that are subject to terms (e.g., open source software licenses) that, when combined with the Program Materials, would require us to disclose, license, distribute or otherwise make all or any part of such Program Materials available to anyone. You will not remove, modify, or obscure any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary or attribution notices on or in any Program Materials. All licenses granted to you in this Agreement are conditional on your continued compliance with this Agreement, and will immediately and automatically terminate if you do not comply with this Agreement.
        
    3. **Reservations of Rights; Other Licenses.** The Program Materials are the intellectual property of Amazon or its licensors. Except for the rights explicitly granted to you in this Agreement, all right, title and interest in and to the Program Materials are reserved and retained by us and our licensors. The Program Materials may include or be distributed with software or other materials that are provided under a separate license agreement, and that separate license will govern the use of such software or other materials in the event of a conflict with this Agreement. Any such separate license agreement may be indicated in the schedules to the Program Materials, in the license, notice or readme files distributed with the applicable software, or in related documentation.
        
    4. You acknowledge that if you integrate our Program Materials with third party devices or technologies, you may be subject to additional terms of those devices or technologies.
        
2. **Compliance with Laws; Privacy; Data**              
    1. **Compliance with Applicable Laws.** Each Party will comply with all Laws that are applicable to their performance under this Agreement, including (in your case) (i) notifying us, pursuant to the Program Materials or via other mutually agreed mechanisms, of requests to opt out, delete, correct, and access Personal Information (as defined below) and (ii) obtaining all consents required by applicable Laws to process Personal Information, in each case, from users whose Personal Information is provided to Amazon pursuant to this Agreement. You represent and warrant that you and your financial institution(s) are not subject to sanctions or otherwise designated on any list of prohibited or restricted parties or owned or controlled by such a party, including but not limited to the lists maintained by the United Nations (e.g., the United Nations Security Council), the US Government (e.g., the US Department of Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals list and Foreign Sanctions Evaders list and the US Department of Commerce’s Entity List), the European Union (the **"EU"**) or its member states, or other applicable government authority (collectively, “**Government Authorities**”). You will not directly or indirectly export, re-export, transmit, or cause to be exported, re-exported or transmitted, any commodities, software or technology (“**Items**”) to any country, individual, corporation, organization, or entity to which such export, re-export, or transmission is restricted or prohibited, including any country, individual, corporation, organization, or entity under sanctions or embargoes administered by Government Authorities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall, or shall be interpreted or construed to, induce or require either party hereto to act in any manner (including taking or failing to take any actions in connection with a transaction) which is inconsistent with or penalized under any applicable Laws, regulations, rules or requirements that apply to any party to the Agreement.  “**Laws**” means all laws (including international, national, federal, and state) regulations and ordinances.     
        
    2. **Editorial Adjacencies.** You will comply with the editorial adjacency policy with respect to all Ads that appear or play on Your Properties (“**[Editorial Adjacency Policy](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy.html#1)**”). For Ads shown on Network Properties, you will obtain contractual representations from all participating network publishers that such publishers will comply with the [Editorial Adjacency Policy](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy.html#1).  
        
    3. **Children and Child Sites; Self-Regulatory Principles.** You represent and warrant that you will not send us ad requests from Sites directed toward Children. You represent and warrant that you will not send us ad requests from Sites when the user is known by you to be a Child.  "**Child**" or “**Children**” are users who are under any specified age threshold as defined by applicable Laws, including without limitation the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.  You will comply with the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (for U.S. ad inventory), the IAB Europe EU Framework for Online Behavioural Advertising (for EU ad inventory), and the Japan Interactive Advertising Association’s Guidelines for Behavioral Advertising (for Japan ad inventory).
        
    4. **Privacy Policies.** We will on our site, and you will on Your Properties make accessible a privacy policy that abides by all applicable Laws and we and you will adhere to its respective privacy policy. Your privacy policy will adequately inform your end users about any information relating to end users that you will provide or is otherwise accessible to us or to any third parties in connection with this Agreement. You will require all Network Properties to make accessible and adhere to a privacy policy that complies with this section. You will be liable for any violation of this section by any Network Property.
        
    5. **End User Information.**  You represent and warrant that you will not provide us with any Personal Information other than an advertising-specific identifier that can be reset for a device (e.g., Android Advertising ID, IDFA, Fire TV Advertising ID), Precise Location Data (only for users outside the United States in jurisdictions where it is lawful for you to provide such data to Amazon for processing in accordance with this Agreement, and where we have explicitly permitted you to provide us with such data), third party-generated, pseudonymized identifier(s) which users can opt out of, and full IP address. For the avoidance of doubt, you will not provide us with any device identifier that cannot be reset. You represent and warrant that you will only provide us Precise Location Data if you have obtained Consent from the applicable end user to provide such data to us and to third parties to whom we may send Precise Location Data. You will not provide us with any Personal Information that could constitute Consumer Health Data under the Washington My Health My Data Act or that could otherwise identify an individual’s past, present or future physical or mental health status (including any inferences or an individual’s physical or mental health status based on non-health data, and you will not use any Program to attempt to draw any such inferences). **“Personal Information”** means data which, alone, or when combined with other information can be used by either Party to identify a person. **“Precise Location Data”** means data obtained from a device that is sufficiently precise to locate such device but excluding full IP address.  **“Consent”** means a user’s action as required under applicable Laws (e.g., through a privacy notice, affirmative opt-in or other disclosures as required by applicable Laws). 
        
    6. **Use and Disclosure of Data by Us.**  We may not use Site Data or Performance Data to retarget a user or append data to a user's non-public profile for purposes other than performance of the campaign; provided, further, that Performance Data may be used for such purposes as long as it is not joined with Site Data. We may not disclose Site Data to third parties for any purpose other than in connection with this Agreement or to provide reporting to applicable third party advertisers, agencies, TAM Buyers or UAM Buyers (each,as defined below). Site Data is your Confidential Information. “**Performance Data**” is data gathered during the delivery of an Ad (e.g., number of impressions and clicks for an Ads, interactions and header information), but excluding Site Data and campaign details (such as Ad pricing information or Ad targeting information). “**Site Data**” is any data that is: (i) your preexisting data that you use pursuant to the campaign; (ii) gathered during delivery of an Ad that identifies or allows your identification, or allows the identification of the Sites, your brands, or your users as such; (iii) entered by users on any Site; or (iv) campaign details associated with you (such as Ad pricing information provided by you). For the avoidance of doubt user related information that you may send us or that we may collect such as an advertising-specific identifier, a full IP address or Precise Location Data is not Site Data.
        
    7. **Additional Provisions Regarding EU Data and BR Data.**  Unless specified otherwise in the Specific Terms below, you and Data Controller (or duly designated Amazon Affiliate) will independently determine the purposes and means of your and Data Controller's respective processing of the EU Data and/or BR Data (as applicable) for which you and AEC are each data controller. As controller, you will determine your processing basis for the EU Data and/or BR Data (as applicable) you provide us under this Agreement and will determine and satisfy the applicable legal requirements related to that processing basis (e.g., if relying on consent, using a legally-compliant consent management platform).                
        
        1. For purposes of EU Data, "Data Controller" means Amazon Europe Core S.a.r.l. ("**AEC**"). **“EU Data”** means personal data within the meaning of applicable Laws of the European Economic Area ("**EEA**") and the United Kingdom ("**UK**"), including the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and any implementation or successor thereof ("**GDPR**"), which is collected, used, transferred or processed by the Parties’ pursuant to this Agreement.  Any reference to the applicable Law of the EEA, including the GDPR, that is directly applicable or directly effective in the UK at any time is a reference to such Law as it applies in England and Wales from time to time including as retained, amended, extended, re-enacted or otherwise given effect on or after 11 pm on the 31 of January 2020.
            
        2. For purposes of BR Data, “Data Controller” means Amazon Serviços de Varejo do Brasil Ltda (“**ASVB**”). “BR Data” means personal data within the meaning of applicable Laws of Brazil, including the Brazilian Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais – Law No. 13,709/18) and any implementation or successor thereof ("**LGPD**"), which is collected, used, transferred or processed by the Parties pursuant to this Agreement.
    8. **Additional Provisions Regarding CCPA.** You are disclosing Personal Information (as defined in CCPA) to Amazon for the purpose of using the Programs under this Agreement. We will provide the same level of privacy protection for such Personal Information as is required of you by CCPA. Amazon shall notify you if it determines it can no longer meet its obligations under CCPA. You have the right, upon notice, to the extent required by CCPA and using materials generally made available by Amazon for such purposes, to (i) ensure that Amazon uses Personal Information provided pursuant to this Agreement in a manner consistent with your obligations under CCPA and (ii) request Amazon to suspend or discontinue the applicable processing of the Personal Information, to the extent necessary to stop or remediate unauthorized use of Personal Information. “**CCPA**” means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
        
    9. **Server-to-Server and Client-to-Server Terms.** If you use a server-to-server or client-to-server integration as part of your participation in any of the Programs, you will comply with the [Server-to-Server and Client-to-Server Terms](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy.html#5).
        
 3.  **Representations.**   Each Party to this Agreement represents and warrants that: (i) it has the full right, power, and authority to enter into this Agreement; and (ii) it has obtained the rights necessary for the exercise of all rights granted by it under this Agreement.  
                 
4. **Indemnification**             
    
    1.  **Mutual.** Each Party will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party, its Affiliates and Representatives against any liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) (collectively, “**Losses**”) incurred by or imposed to the other Party, its Affiliates and Representatives in connection with any third-party claim, suit, action, demand or judgment (“**Claim**") arising from or in relation to any allegation which, if true, would constitute a breach by such Party of this Agreement. “**Affiliate**” means, as to an entity, any other entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such entity.  “**Representative**” means, as to an entity and/or its Affiliate(s), any director, officer, employee, consultant, contractor, agent, and/or attorney.  
        
    2. **Indemnification Procedure.** The indemnified Party will: (i) provide reasonable cooperation to the indemnifying Party in connection with the defense or settlement of all Claims at the indemnifying Party’s expense; and (ii) be entitled to participate at its own expense in the defense of all Claims. The indemnified Party agrees that the indemnifying Party will have sole and exclusive control over the defense and settlement of all Claims; provided, however, the indemnifying Party will not acquiesce to any judgment or enter into any settlement which imposes any obligation or liability to the indemnified Party without its prior written consent.
        
    
5. **DISCLAIMER.**  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAMS AND ANY PROGRAM MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW: (A) WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF DEALING, PERFORMANCE, OR TRADE USAGE; AND (B) WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE PROGRAMS AND ANY PROGRAM MATERIALS WILL CONTINUE TO BE PROVIDED, WILL FUNCTION AS DESCRIBED, CONSISTENTLY OR IN ANY PARTICULAR MANNER, OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE, OR FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS.        
    
6. **EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.**  EXCEPT FOR ANY INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS (OTHER THAN INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS ARISING FROM ANY VIOLATION OF THE EEA OR THE UK DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY LAWS AND REGULATIONS), BREACHES OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS, OUR BREACH OF SECTION 2(F) OF THE GENERAL TERMS, YOUR BREACH OF SECTION 1(E) OF THE TERMS APPLICABLE TO PROGRAMMATIC OR NON-PROGRAMMATIC ADS AND YOUR BREACH OF THE PUBLISHER AUDIENCES PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS (IF SUCH TERMS ARE APPLICABLE TO YOU), IN NO EVENT (A) WILL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE, INCURRED BY ANOTHER PARTY FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND (B) WILL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED $500,000. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT IS INTENDED TO EXCLUDE, RESTRICT, OR MODIFY ANY RIGHT OR REMEDY EITHER PARTY HAS IN STATUTE OR OTHERWISE TO THE EXTENT THAT RIGHT OR REMEDY CANNOT BE EXCLUDED, RESTRICTED, OR MODIFIED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.   
    
7. **Publicity.**  Neither Party will use the other’s name, Site names, trademarks, or logos in any public announcement (including in any press release or marketing materials), nor will either Party issue any public announcement, regarding the existence or content of this Agreement without the other’s prior written approval; provided, however, that we are permitted to include your name, Site names, trademarks and logos within our marketing/reporting materials (e.g., publisher site list to describe your participation in the Programs).     
    
8. **Confidentiality.**   As used herein, “**Confidential Information**” means all material or information of a Party (“**Disclosing Party**”) disclosed to the other Party (“**Receiving Party**”) that is designated or identified as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances surrounding the disclosure. Receiving Party shall not disclose Confidential Information to anyone except an employee, agent, Affiliate, or third party who has a need to know the same, and who is bound by confidentiality and non-use obligations at least as protective of Confidential Information as those in this Agreement. Receiving Party will not use Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information other than as provided for in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information in response to a valid order by a court or other governmental body, as otherwise required by applicable Laws, or as necessary to establish the rights of either party under this Agreement.  
9. **Term and Termination; Suspension.**   The term of this Agreement will begin upon your participation in any Program and will end when terminated by either Party.  Each Party may terminate this Agreement or any Program at any time, with or without cause.  We may suspend your use of any Program or this Agreement at any time. The following Sections will survive termination or expiration of this Agreement: Sections 2(f), 4, 6, 8, 9, 11 and 12 of the General Terms; Sections 1(c) and 1(e) of the Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms; Section 2(b) of the Terms Applicable to Programmatic Ads; Sections 3(e) and 3(f) of the Terms Applicable to Non-Programmatic Ads; and Section 4 of the Transparent Ad Marketplace Program Specific Terms.
    
10. **Modification.**  We may modify any of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement at any time and in our sole discretion by (i) posting the revised terms online; (ii) sending a message to the email address then associated with your account; or (iii) by other similar means. Changes will become effective 15 days after they are posted. If you participate in APS in Australia, where Amazon makes a materially adverse change to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, as reasonably determined by us, Amazon will provide advance notice to you by email or reasonably substitutable means. If any modification is unacceptable to you, your only recourse is to terminate your participation in the applicable Program or this Agreement. Your continued participation in the Programs after any changes take effect will constitute your acceptance of all applicable changes.      
    
11. **Conflicts; Governing Law.**  This Agreement will be governed by the Laws of the State of Washington, without reference to rules governing choice of Laws. Each Party hereby irrevocably consents to and waives any objection to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts located in King County, Washington with respect to any claims, suits or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, to the extent permitted by law.               
    
12. **Miscellaneous.**  You may not resell, assign or transfer any of your rights or obligations hereunder without our prior written consent, and any purported assignment without such consent will be null and void.  This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective permitted transferees, successors, and assigns. This Agreement includes all documentations that we make available to you (“**Program Policies**”). This Agreement will constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements between the Parties with respect to its subject matter, including any online terms. If there is a conflict among terms in this Agreement, the conflict will be resolved in the following order of precedence: Specific Terms, General Terms and Program Policies.  Any notice or other communication to be given hereunder will be in writing and given: (a) by us via email, via a posting, or via a message through your account; or (b) by you via email to contracts-legal@amazon.com, or to such other email or physical addresses as we may specify from time to time. The date of receipt will, in the case of email, be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted. The words “including,” “e.g.,” and other similar words will be interpreted without limitation when used in this Agreement. Each Amazon Party is severally liable for its own obligations under this Agreement and is not jointly liable for the obligations of other Amazon Parties. The Parties to this Agreement are independent contractors. Neither Party will represent itself to be an employee, representative, or agent of the other Party. Neither Party will have the authority to enter into any agreement on the other Party’s behalf or in the other Party’s name or otherwise bind the other Party to any agreement or obligation. Each Party will be fully responsible for the acts, omissions, and performance of any of its contractors, agents or service providers used by such Party in connection with this Agreement.
    

#### SPECIFIC TERMS 

1.  **THE AMAZON DEMAND PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS**                    
    
    Amazon Demand ("**Amazon Demand**") is a Program that allows you to place Programmatic Ads and non-Programmatic Ads on the Sites in order to earn advertising fees paid by us for Ads provided by us or on behalf of third party advertisers who participate in Amazon Ads. The auction mechanisms for Amazon Demand are described [here](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy.html#7). “**Amazon Ads**” is an Amazon service which enables advertisers using the service to reach users on web, mobile, connected TV or device, or other properties through programs such as, but not limited to, the Amazon DSP or Sponsored Display. “**Programmatic Ads**” means Ads placed through our ad integration that enables the purchase of advertising inventory on Sites. For the avoidance of doubt, Programmatic Ads does not include real time buying through ad exchanges or other intermediaries. 
    
    1. **Terms Applicable to Programmatic or Non-Programmatic Ads**          
        1. **Ad Placement and Positioning**            
            
            1. **Compliance with Ad Requirements.** Unless we request otherwise in writing, Ads will run solely on Sites that are approved by us in advance in writing.
                
            2. **No Pop-ups; Video Ads.** You will not deliver any Ad on or within any pop-up or pop-under windows. The sound of video Ads may be end user-initiated on click but may not be otherwise muted by the video player or by you. You will comply with the [Video Policy](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy.html#2) with respect to all Ads that appear or play on Your Properties.
                
        2. **Removal of Ads; Modification of Ads.** You reserve the right to reject or remove any Ads that do not comply with your generally applied policies or any applicable Laws. You will remove non-Programmatic Ads from the Site within 24 hours of our request. You will not edit or modify the Ads in any way.
            
        3. **Payment.**  We will not pay you for Ineligible Events (as determined in our reasonable sole discretion) and if we identify Ineligible Events after we have paid you, we reserve the right to adjust future payments accordingly.  Payments will be made in USD, local currency or any other currency agreed in advance between the Parties. The exchange rate (if applicable) will be based on the data supplied to us by Bloomberg (or a similarly reputable provider if we decide to change it) in the form of average monthly exchange rate for a given month. If applicable, we may deduct any currency conversion fees paid in connection with currency exchange. "**Ineligible Events**" means (i) impressions or clicks (if applicable) generated through automated or other invalid means (ii) Ads that are not properly displayed or played by you or (iii) Ads placed in violation of the [Editorial Adjacency Policy](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy.html#1). 
            
        4. **Indemnification.** We agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless you and your Affiliates and Representatives from Losses resulting from any Claims brought by a third party and resulting from any Ad (excluding Custom Content  and Amazon Shopping Recommendation Units) to the extent used by you in accordance with these Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms; but excluding Claims arising from any agreement to which we are not a party.
            
        5. **Use and Disclosure of Collected Data by You.** You will not use or disclose Collected Data for any other purpose than to perform your obligations under these Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms; provided, further, that your disclosure of Collected Data is limited to your service providers who are bound by confidentiality, non-use and disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those imposed on you in this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, you will not (i) use Collected Data to (x) retarget a user or append data to a user’s non-public profile or (y) improve Ad targeting and performance on behalf of any other advertiser or on your behalf or (ii) disclose Collected Data to any third party.  Notwithstanding the above, you may disclose Collected Data to third parties on an Aggregated and Anonymous basis, provided that such third parties are bound by confidentiality, non-use and disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those imposed on you in this Agreement. Collected Data is Amazon’s Confidential Information. “**Aggregated and Anonymous**” means a form in which Collected Data is combined with data from numerous other advertisers, provided that Collected Data will not exceed 10% of the total amount of that combined data and such combined data precludes identification, directly or indirectly, of us, end users, our advertisers, brand, product, context, or category. “**Collected Data**” means all data collected, received, provided, derived or otherwise used by us in the performance of this Agreement, including (i) ad response data (such as Ad content, Ad category and the fact that we delivered an Ad to a specific user), (ii) bid price for any Ad, (iii) Performance Data, (iv) the URL, domain or content of the destination page of any Ads; (v) campaign details associated with us (such as ad pricing information or Ad targeting information), but excluding Site Data. 
            
        6. **Serving and Tracking.** If both Parties are tracking delivery, the controlling measurement used for calculating advertising fees will be our ad server. We will provide you with placement-level activity reports on a monthly basis. If the difference between the controlling measurement and the other measurement exceeds 10% over the month and the controlling measurement is lower, the Parties will try to resolve the discrepancy in good faith. If this is unsuccessful, we reserve the right to pay you based on our ad server’s reported data.
            
        7. **Taxes.** You may charge and we will pay applicable national, state or local sales or use taxes or value added taxes that you are legally obligated to charge (“**Taxes**”), provided that such Taxes are stated on the original tax invoice that you provide to us and your tax invoice states such Taxes separately and meet the requirements for a valid tax invoice. We may provide you with an exemption certificate or equivalent information acceptable to the relevant taxing authority, in which case, you will not charge and or collect the Taxes covered by such certificate. We may deduct or withhold any taxes that we may be legally obligated to deduct or withhold from any amounts payable to you under these Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms, and payment to you as reduced by such deductions or withholdings will constitute full payment and settlement to you of amounts payable under these Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms. Throughout the term of these Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms, you will provide us with any forms, documents, or certifications as may be required by us to satisfy any information reporting or withholding tax obligations with respect to any payments under these Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms.
            
    2. **Terms Applicable to Programmatic Ads**        
        1. **Ad Integration.** You will enable our ad integration mechanism on your Sites pursuant to the applicable Program Materials in order to send us ad requests. If, following an ad request, we determine that we will respond, we will send an ad response that will include a price point within the range we established.
            
        2. **Payment for Advertising Fees.**  We will make payment within 60 days from the end of the calendar month during which the advertising fees were earned.
            
        3. **Campaign Details.** Campaign details will be agreed upon via email between the Parties. However, the Parties may decide to enter into an IO to cover the campaign details.  In such case, Section 3(a) of the Terms Applicable to Non-Programmatic Ads will apply.
            
    3. **Terms Applicable to Non-Programmatic Ads**        
        1. **Insertion Orders.** The Parties will set forth campaign details on an IO.  In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of any IO and these Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms, the terms of the IO will prevail. “IO” means a mutually agreed insertion order between the Parties under which you will deliver Ads on Sites.
            
        2. **Compliance with Ad Requirements; Compliance with Editorial Adjacency Policy.** You will comply with all Ad placement requirements and restrictions, and you will create a reasonably balanced delivery schedule. If Ads are damaged or otherwise unacceptable, you will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify us within 2 days of receipt. Should any Ad appear or play on  any Site in violation of the [Editorial Adjacency Policy](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy.html#1), you will, within 24 hours of the earlier of notice or discovery of the violation, remove the Ad or otherwise correct the violation. If the violation of [Editorial Adjacency Policy](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy.html#1) results in under-delivery, section 3(k) of the Terms Applicable to Non-Programmatic Ads will apply.
            
        3. **Changes to Site.** You will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide us at least 10 days prior notice of any material changes to the Sites including changes to the size or the placement of an Ad. 
            
        4. **Technical Specifications; Ad Rotation.** You will submit to us final technical specifications within two 2 days of the start of a campaign. Changes by you to the specifications of a campaign that has already started will allow us to suspend delivery of the affected Ad in order for (i) us to send a revised Ad; (ii) you to change the Ad at your cost, and with final creative approval by us; or (iii) us to accept a comparable replacement. Such suspension will not impact the end date of the campaign. We will have the right to rotate Ads without prior notice to you. 
            
        5. **Indemnification.** You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless us and our Representatives from Losses resulting from any Claims brought by a third party and resulting from Custom Content (defined below) provided by you that (i) violates any applicable Law; or (ii) is defamatory or obscene.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will not be liable for any Losses resulting from Claims to the extent that such Claims result from your customization of Ads based upon detailed specifications provided by us. Nothing in this Section 3(e) is intended to extend to Losses or Claims to the extent caused by our gross negligence or criminal conduct.
            
        6. **Advertising Fees; Invoices**          
            
            1. **Cost Type.** The IO will set forth the cost type agreed to by the Parties. Cost type may include: flat fee, cost per thousand (“**CPM**”), cost per click (“**CPC**”), cost per engagement (“CPE”) and cost per completed view (“**CPCV**”).  In the event the campaign includes CPM placement, we will pay you the CPM rate agreed to by the Parties in the IO for each thousand impressions you serve during the campaign.  In the event the campaign includes CPC placement, we will pay you the CPC rate agreed to by the Parties in the IO each time that a user clicks on an impression you serve during the campaign.  In the event the campaign includes CPE placement, we will pay you the CPE rate agreed to by the Parties in the IO each time that a user engages with an experience (as set forth in the IO) you serve during the campaign. In the event the campaign includes CPCV placement, we will pay you the CPCV rate agreed to by the Parties in the IO each time that a user views in its entirety a video Ad displayed or played during the campaign.
                
            2. **Invoices.** You will invoice us within 30 days following the end of the month for the Ads placed or Custom Content (as defined below) provided during the previous month.
                
        7. **Reporting.** You will confirm that the campaign began delivery within one (1) day of the start date of the campaign. You will make reporting available at least as often as weekly. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, you will make reporting available daily for the entire first week of any fixed placements. Reports will be broken out by day and summarized by creative execution, Ad placement, impressions, clicks, spend/cost, and other variables as the Parties may define in writing.  If we inform you that you delivered an incomplete or inaccurate report or no report at all, you will cure such failure within 5 days of receipt of such notice. Failure to cure may result in non-payment.
            
        8. **License to use Trademarks.** If we allow you to use any of our Trademarks in the IO (“**Trademarks**”), we grant to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, revocable license only during the term of the campaign to display, publish, and reproduce the Trademarks solely for the purpose of the applicable campaign, and only as permitted by the [Amazon Trademark Usage Guidelines](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy#3).
            
        9.   **Custom Content**              
            
            1. **Custom Content.** Custom Content is content created by you or on your behalf at our request that may include text, photographs, images, video or interactive design modules related to or in connection with an Ad (“**Custom Content**”).  
                
            2. **Ownership.** We will own all right, title and interest, including copyright in the Custom Content for all purposes throughout the world (such material having been commissioned as “work made for hire,” as that term is defined in the Copyright Act).  In the event the Custom Content is, for any reason, deemed not to be “work made for hire,” you assign to us all right, title, interest and copyright in and to the Custom Content. You hereby appoint us as your attorney-in-fact for purposes of executing any documentation necessary to effectuate the transfer of these rights. 
                
            3. **License to Custom Content.**  We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, revocable right and license during the term of the campaign to display, publish, and reproduce the Custom Content and any other content we provided in connection with the Custom Content solely for the purpose of carrying out the campaign.
                
        10. **Amazon Shopping Recommendation Units**   
            
            1. **Amazon Shopping Recommendation Units.** Amazon Shopping Recommendation Units are customized placements on your Sites promoting product listings sold on Amazon by third parties (“**Amazon Shopping Recommendation Units**”).  Sections 3(a), 3(f)(i), 3(l), and 3(m) of the Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms shall not apply to the placement of Amazon Shopping Recommendation Units.  Any campaign or placement details other than those contained in this Agreement, the Program Policies, and Program Materials shall be agreed upon by the parties in writing.
                 2. **Advertising Fees.** When a user clicks on an Amazon Shopping Recommendation Unit, we will pay you 70% of the APS cleared CPC price.  We will make payment within 60 days from the end of the calendar month during which the Amazon Shopping Recommendation Unit fees were earned.  Ineligible Events for Amazon Shopping Recommendation Units also includes Amazon Shopping Recommendation Units for which we did not receive payment from the Amazon Shopping Recommendation Unit advertiser or the Amazon Shopping Recommendation Unit advertiser has required a clawback.
        11. **Cancellation and Termination.** We may cancel the entire campaign, or any portion thereof at any time, without penalty. Upon cancellation, we will only be responsible for Ads delivered prior to the date of that cancellation. We will pay you for amounts due for any Custom Content or Amazon Shopping Recommendation Units provided to us by you or on your behalf prior to the date of cancellation. You may terminate a campaign at any time if we are in material breach of our obligations under these Terms Applicable to Non-Programmatic Ads, and such breach is not cured within 10 days after receipt of written notice.
            
        12. **Makegoods.** You will monitor delivery of the Ads, and will notify us as soon as possible if an under-delivery is likely. If an under-delivery is likely or has happened, the Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to agree upon the conditions of a makegood. If no makegood can be agreed upon, we may execute (at our option) a credit or receive a refund from you equal to the value of the under-delivery.
            
        13. **Late Creative for Guaranteed Placements.** If you have not received the Ads by the start date of the campaign, you are not required to guarantee full delivery and we will be charged only for Ads actually delivered. If you have received the Ads, but fail to start delivering a campaign by the start date of the campaign, we will have the right (at our option) to receive make goods, credit or a refund.
            
2. **THE TRANSPARENT AD MARKETPLACE PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS**          
    1. **Description of the Transparent Ad Marketplace.** Transparent Ad Marketplace (“**TAM**”) is a Program that allows you to connect with TAM Buyers to place Programmatic Ads on the Sites in order to earn advertising fees paid by the TAM Buyer.  “**TAM Buyer**” means a third party (e.g. supply side platforms) who purchases advertising inventory on the Sites through TAM pursuant to an agreement with you which complies with applicable Laws (“**TAM Buyer Direct Agreement**”).
        
    2. **Payment of Advertising Fees.** You agree that you will receive payment from TAM Buyers directly for Ads placed on Sites pursuant to these TAM Program Specific Terms. We will not make any payment for Ads placed on Sites pursuant to these TAM Program Specific Terms. We are not a party to, and will have no liability under or obligation to comply with the TAM Buyer Direct Agreements. Each Party will be responsible, as required under applicable Laws, for identifying and paying all taxes and other governmental fees and charges (and any penalties, interest, and other additions thereto) that are imposed on that Party upon or with respect to the transactions and payments under these TAM Program Specific Terms.
        
    3. **DISCLAIMER.** ADS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.” TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, WE DISCLAIM AND WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY ADS INCLUDING ANY INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS OR, BREACHES OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR YOUR POLICES WITH RESPECT TO ADS.
        
    4. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.** TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, AND NOTWITHSTANDING SECTION 6 OF THE GENERAL TERMS, IN NO EVENT WILL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE, INCURRED BY THE OTHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FURTHER, EACH PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED $500,000 (USD).
        
    5. **Pixels.**  We may place or facilitate the placement of pixels or cookies (including cookies associated with your domain) on the browsers of users visiting the Sites in order to optimize the placement of Ads from TAM Buyers on the Sites.
        
    6. **Use and Disclosure of Data by Us.** Site Data that we may provide to TAM Buyers will be provided under no restriction. It is your sole responsibility to insert the data restrictions that you deem appropriate in the TAM Buyer Direct Agreement and to ensure that TAM Buyers comply with these restrictions.  
        
    7. **Data Processor Provisions**. 
        1. To the extent that you participate in TAM (excluding EU PVC Demand), the Data Processor (as defined below) agrees to act as your processor or service provider (as such terms are defined in applicable Laws, including U.S. State Privacy Laws) in respect of the transfer of Customer Personal Data to TAM Buyers of your choice (including such choices that you elect in the Amazon Publisher Services publisher portal). You instruct us to process Customer Personal Data in accordance with the DPA. References to Customer Personal Data in the DPA, as it applies to this Section 7(a), will mean the Personal Information or Personal Data (as such terms are defined in applicable Laws, including U.S. State Privacy Laws) in bid requests that you instruct us to send to TAM Buyers. You expressly agree that such TAM Buyers will not act as Amazon's processor or sub-processor, but rather instruct Amazon to enter into data transfer agreements on your behalf, as necessary for such TAM Buyers to process Customer Personal Data received from Amazon. It is your sole responsibility to insert any terms that you deem appropriate in your agreements with TAM Buyers and to ensure that your use of TAM complies with applicable Laws. For the purposes of EU Data processing, “**Data Processor**” means AEC, for the purposes of BR Data processing, ASVB, and for the purposes of all other data, A9.com LLC. “**DPA**” means, for the purposes of EU Data and BR Data, the Data Processing Addendum available [here](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/G/01/AdProductsWebsite/images/Amazon_Advertising_Data_Processing_Addendum.pdf), and for the purposes of all other data, the Data Processing Addendum available [here](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/us_state_privacy_laws_addendum.html). “**U.S. State Privacy Laws**” means U.S. state privacy laws, including CCPA, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, each as may be amended from time to time. “**EU** **PVC Demand**” means TAM and approved non-TAM, third-party demand on Prime Video Channels in the EU.  
              
            
        2. Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 7(a), if Amazon receives Personal Information or Personal Data (as such terms are defined in applicable Laws, including U.S. State Privacy Laws) as part of other APS programs (e.g., Amazon Demand), any data processor terms hereunder do not extend to those other programs.  
              
            
3.   **THE PRIVATE MARKETPLACE PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS**      
    
     Private Marketplace (“**PMP**”) is a Program that allows you to connect with PMP Advertisers through our portal or through a third party to place Ads on the Sites pursuant to PMP Terms in order to earn advertising fees paid by us. “**PMP Advertisers**” means advertisers (including us) that purchase advertising inventory on the Sites through PMP. “**PMP Terms**” means terms directly agreed upon between you and a PMP Advertiser regarding the placement of Ads on the Sites and the advertising fees. For Ads placed through Amazon Ads, PMP Terms will be effective when the PMP Advertiser accepts them in the Amazon Ads portal. 
    
    1. **Specific Terms Applicable to PMP.** The following sections are applicable to PMP: (i) Section 1 of the Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms, excluding Section 1(d); (ii) Section 2(a) and 2(b) of Terms Applicable to Programmatic Ads; and (iii) Sections 3(b), 3(c), 3(d), 3(e), 3(f), 3(g), 3(j), 3(k) and 3(l) of the Terms Applicable to Non-Programmatic Ads. References to “we,” “our,” “us,” or “Amazon” in the following sections will refer to us and PMP Advertiser: Sections 3(b), 3(c), 3(d), 3(g), 3(j), 3(k) and 3(l) of the Terms Applicable to Non-Programmatic Ads. Further, Ineligible Events for PMP also includes Ads not placed through Amazon Ads for which we did not receive payment from the PMP Advertiser or the PMP Advertiser has required a clawback.
        
    2. **Third Party Beneficiary.** PMP Advertisers will be a third-party beneficiary of your indemnification obligations in Section 4 of the General Terms.
        
 4.   **THE UNIFIED AD MARKETPLACE PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS**    
    
    Unified Ad Marketplace (“**UAM**”) is a Program that allows you to connect with UAM Buyers to place Programmatic Ads on the Sites in order to earn advertising fees paid by us. The auction mechanisms for UAM are described [here](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy.html#7). “**UAM Buyer**” means a third party (e.g. supply side platforms) who purchases advertising inventory on the Sites through UAM pursuant to an agreement with us. The following sections are applicable to UAM: (i) Sections 1(a) through 1(c) and Sections 1(e) through 1(g) of the Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms; however, all references to “Amazon Demand Program Specific Terms” in these sections will be deemed to refer to the “UAM Program Specific Terms” and (ii) Sections 3 through 5 and Section 7 of the TAM Program Specific Terms; however, all references to “TAM Buyer” in these sections  shall be deemed to refer to “UAM Buyer.” Further, Ineligible Events for UAM also includes Ads for which we did not receive payment from the UAM Buyer or the UAM Buyer has required a clawback.
    
 5.   **THE PUBLISHER AUDIENCES PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS (FOR APPLICABLE PUBLISHERS ONLY)**    
    
    For applicable publishers, the Publisher Audiences Program Specific Terms are available within your APS portal or [here](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/docs/tnc/apsagreement_publisher_audiences_addendum).
    
 6. **THE APS CONNECTIONS MARKETPLACE PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS**          
    1. **Description of the APS Connections Marketplace.** The APS Connections Marketplace (“**Connections Marketplace**”) is a Program that allows you to connect with Marketplace Vendors or Amazon to receive advertising technology services on your Sites (the “**Marketplace Services**”). “**Marketplace Vendor**” means a third party vendor who provides the Marketplace Services through the APS Marketplace to you pursuant to an agreement with you (“**Marketplace Vendor Direct Agreement**”). To the extent you use any Marketplace Services provided by Amazon (“**“Amazon Marketplace Services”**”), any applicable Program Specific Terms shall apply to your use of Amazon Marketplace Services through Connections Marketplace. In the event of a conflict between these APS Connections Marketplace Program Specific Terms and any Amazon Marketplace Services Program Specific Terms, the Amazon Marketplace Services Program Specific Terms will apply, but only to the extent necessary to resolve such conflict.     
        
    2. **Payment of Fees.** If applicable, you agree that you will pay Marketplace Vendors directly for Marketplace Services. We are not a party to, and will have no liability under or obligation to comply with the Marketplace Vendor Direct Agreements. Each Party will be responsible, as required under applicable Laws, for identifying and paying all taxes and other governmental fees and charges (and any penalties, interest, and other additions thereto) that are imposed on that Party upon or with respect to the transactions and payments under these Connections Marketplace Specific Terms.  
        
    3. **DISCLAIMER.** TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THATTHE APS CONNECTIONS MARKETPLACE AND THE MARKETPLACE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONNECTIONS MARKETPLACE AND THE MARKETPLACE SERVICES WILL CONTINUE TO BE PROVIDED, WILL FUNCTION AS DESCRIBED, CONSISTENTLY OR IN ANY PARTICULAR MANNER, OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE, OR FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
        
    4. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.** TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND NOTWITHSTANDING SECTION 6 OF THE GENERAL TERMS, IN NO EVENT WILL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE, INCURRED BY THE OTHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF THESE CONNECTIONS MARKETPLACE SPECIFIC TERMS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FURTHER, EACH PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THESE CONNECTIONS MARKETPLACE SPECIFIC TERMS WILL NOT EXCEED $500,000 (USD).
        
    5. **Pixels.**  For Marketplace Vendors that you engage to provide you Marketplace Services, we may place or facilitate the placement of third party pixels or cookies (including cookies associated with your domain) on the browsers of users visiting the Sites in order to enable the Marketplace Vendors to provide the Marketplace Services to you.   
        
    6. **Personal Information.** You represent and warrant that you will not provide us with any Personal Information other than what is necessary for the Marketplace Vendors to provide you with the Marketplace Services, pursuant to the Marketplace Vendor Direct Agreements. Where it is necessary for you to send us Personal Information for the Marketplace Vendors to provide you with Marketplace Services, you shall provide such information in a pseudonymized form that prevents the re-identification of an individual.
        
    7. **Site Data.** We may provide Site Data to your Marketplace Vendors. It is your sole responsibility to include the data processing restrictions and requirements that you deem appropriate in the Marketplace Vendor Direct Agreements and to ensure that Marketplace Vendors comply with these restrictions. For the avoidance of doubt, your use of any standard agreement provided to you by Amazon to enter into with Marketplace Vendors does not relieve you of such responsibility. To the extent that you use Marketplace Services which require us to send Personal Information to TAM Buyers or UAM Buyers (collectively, “**Buyers**”), you hereby instruct us to disclose the necessary Personal Information to the applicable Buyers listed in your account (or in such other list that we make available to you). It is your sole responsibility to provide any notices, obtain any consents, and offer any choices to end users necessary to permit Amazon’s or any Marketplace Vendor’s collection, disclosure, or other processing of any Personal Information as contemplated by this Agreement or necessary to provide the Marketplace Services. We will cease disclosure of Personal Information to Buyers at any time, at your instruction and sole discretion.
        
    8. **EU Data and BR Data.** In relation to EU Data and/or BR Data (as applicable), you acknowledge that (i) Amazon is not responsible for collecting consent or imposing restrictions on the collection, use, transfer, or other processing of EU Data and/or BR Data (as applicable) by Marketplace Vendors, (ii) it is your sole responsibility to put in place any legally required contractual terms, including standard contractual clauses, related to the transfer of EU Data and/or BR Data (as applicable) to Marketplace Vendors, and (iii) it is your sole responsibility to publish or otherwise provide any legally required information to end users about the processing of EU Data and/or BR Data (as applicable) by your chosen Marketplace Vendors.
        
        1. **Identity-Related Services**. To the extent that you engage any Marketplace Vendors to provide you with Identity-Related Services, Data Processor (as defined in Section 7 of the Transparent Ad Marketplace Program Specific Terms) agrees to act as your processor in respect of the transfer of EU Data or BR Data to such Marketplace Vendors and/or Buyers, as applicable (each, a “**Third Party Recipient**”), of your choice. You instruct us to process such EU Data or BR Data in accordance with the terms and conditions of the DPA (as defined in Section 7 of the Transparent Ad Marketplace Program Specific Terms). References to Customer Personal Data in the DPA, as it applies to this Section 8(a), will mean the EU Data or BR Data that you instruct us to send to Third Party Recipients. You expressly agree that such Third Party Recipients will not act as Amazon’s processor or sub-processor, but rather instruct Amazon to enter into data transfer arrangements on your behalf, as are necessary for such Third Party Recipients to process Customer Personal Data received from Amazon.  “**Identity-Related Services**” means Marketplace Vendor services that require Amazon to directly transfer EU Data or BR Data to Third Party Recipients, including advertising identity services that generate pseudonymized identifiers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Amazon receives EU Data or BR Data as part of other APS programs (e.g., Amazon Demand), any data processor terms in this Section 8(a) do not extend to those other programs.  
              
            
        2. **Other Services**. To the extent you engage any Marketplace Vendors to provide you with services that are not Identity-Related Services (“**Other Services**”), you acknowledge that Amazon does not receive, store, transfer, or otherwise process any EU Data or BR Data in order for such Marketplace Vendors to perform Other Services. Such Marketplace Vendors may act as a controller or processor acting on your instruction, in accordance with the terms of the relevant Marketplace Vendor Direct Agreement governing the Other Services. You can instruct Amazon at any time to disable or remove the technology used by Marketplace Vendors to deliver the Other Services.  
              
            
    9. **Provisions Regarding U.S. State Privacy Laws.** To the extent that we make any Personal Information or Personal Data (as such terms are defined in applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws) available to Marketplace Vendors in order to enable your receipt of the Marketplace Services from Marketplace Vendors, you hereby agree to the DPA available [here](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/us_state_privacy_laws_addendum.html), which is incorporated by reference herein. You hereby instruct A9.com LLC to process Customer Personal Data, as defined by, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions set forth in the DPA and this Section. References to Customer Personal Data in the DPA, as it applies to this Section 9, will mean the Personal Information or Personal Data (as such terms are defined in applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws) that you instruct us to make available to Marketplace Vendors. Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 9, if Amazon receives Personal Information or Personal Data as part of other APS programs (e.g., Amazon Demand), any DPA and service provider terms hereunder do not extend to those other programs. It is your sole responsibility to insert the U.S. State Privacy Laws terms that you deem appropriate in the Marketplace Vendor Direct Agreements and to ensure that your receipt of Marketplace Services from Marketplace Vendors complies with the U.S. State Privacy Laws.  For the avoidance of doubt, your use of any standard agreement provided to you by Amazon to enter into with Marketplace Vendors does not relieve you of such responsibility. This section applies solely to the extent that the U.S. State Privacy Laws apply.  
          
        
7. **THE AMAZON PUBLISHER CLOUD PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS**  
      
    Amazon Publisher Cloud (“**APC**”) is a Program that allows you to plan, activate, and measure ad campaigns (including deals).  
      
    1. **Reports; Publisher-Provided Data; Amazon-Provided Data**.   
          
        1. **Reports.** We will provide you with reports that contain Anonymized audience insights and campaign performance metrics (“**Reports**”). You may only use the Reports, and any other information generated or derived through APC (collectively and together with Reports, the “**APC** **Data**”) to analyze and measure your advertising performance, and plan or activate your advertising campaigns via Amazon DSP. You may not disclose any APC Data to third parties, except you may disclose Reports to advertisers or agencies who are bound by confidentiality, non-use and non-disclosure obligations at least as restrictive as those imposed on you under these Amazon Publisher Cloud Program Specific Terms. “**Anonymized**” means a form of data that excludes impression-level data and precludes identification, directly or indirectly, of end users.  
              
            
        2.  **Publisher-Provided Data; Amazon-Provided Data**. For the avoidance of doubt, APC Data excludes Publisher-Provided Data and Amazon-Provided Data. Amazon may not use Publisher-Provided Data except to provide APC to you, and you obtain no rights to Amazon-Provided Data. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2(e) of the General Terms, solely for the purposes of APC, you may provide us Publisher-Provided Data pursuant to these Amazon Publisher Cloud Program Specific Terms. “**Publisher-Provided Data**” means raw data in its original format provided to APC by (i) you, or (ii) your Data Provider(s) and/or advertiser(s) that is, in the case of each Data Provider or advertiser, matched with your users. “**Amazon-Provided Data**” means raw data in its original format that Amazon provides to APC.  
              
            
    2. **Data Restrictions**.  
          
        1. You represent and warrant that you will not use APC to process (i) any Personal Information other than what is necessary to provide APC to you, (ii) Personal Information of individuals subject to data protection Laws other than those of the United States and Canada; and (iii) Prohibited Data. At all times, you will ensure that Personal Information you use APC to process will be pseudonymized in a way that prevents re-identification of an individual. “**Prohibited Data**” means (1) Personal Information of Children; (2) data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status; (3) genetic or biometric data; (4) healthcare data or information, including any Personal Information that could constitute Consumer Health Data under the Washington My Health My Data Act or that could otherwise identify an individual’s past, present or future physical or mental health status (including any inferences of any individual’s physical or mental health status based on non-health data, and you will not use APC to attempt to draw any such inferences); (5) precise geolocation data; and (6) any other data, including derived or inferred data sets, which are “sensitive” or similar under U.S. State Privacy Laws.   
              
            
        2. You will not, and will not permit any other party to, (i) use APC to create or reach audiences or generate Reports based on or including Prohibited Data; (ii) re-identify, attempt to derive, or analyze or report on any personally identifiable information of any user in connection with APC; or (iii) use APC to reverse engineer Amazon audience segments.  
              
            
        3. If you engage any party that manages your data or otherwise provides data services to you as part of APC (“**Data Provider**”), you will instruct your Data Provider to comply with these Amazon Publisher Cloud Program Specific Terms. You, and not Amazon, are solely responsible for any actions or omissions by your Data Provider.  
              
            
        4. To the extent that you participate in APC, A9.com LLC agrees to act as your processor or service provider (as such terms are defined in applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws) in respect to the processing of Customer Personal Data for the purposes of campaign planning, activation, and measurement in APC, except, where the CCPA applies, for cross-context behavioral advertising (as defined in the CCPA). You instruct us to process Customer Personal Data in accordance with the DPA available [here](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/us_state_privacy_laws_addendum.html). References to Customer Personal Data in the DPA, as it applies to this Section 2(d), will mean the Publisher-Provided Data that is Personal Information or Personal Data (as such terms are defined in applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws). Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 3(b), if Amazon receives Personal Information or Personal Data (as such terms are defined in applicable U.S. State Privacy Laws) as part of other APS programs (e.g., Amazon Demand Program), any data processor or service provider terms hereunder do not extend to those other programs. This section applies solely to the extent that the U.S. State Privacy Laws apply.  
              
            
    3. **Termination**. You may terminate your participation in APC by providing us with sixty (60) days’ advance written notice (email sufficient).  
          
        
8. **THE APS BETA PROGRAM SPECIFIC TERMS**          
    
    For applicable publishers, the APS Beta Program Specific Terms are available [here](https://ams.amazon.com/webpublisher/apsmanaged/apsprogrampolicy.html#6).