Data Processing Agreement
=========================

PART I - GENERAL PROVISIONS
---------------------------

### ARTICLE 1 - Definitions

1. **Controller**: refers to the company that determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Data;
2. **Processor**: refers to the company that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Data Controller and according to its instructions;
3. **Customer Data**: means all data, including all text, sound, video, or image files, and software, that are provided to SCALINGO by, or on behalf of, Customer through use of the Services. Customer Data does not include Professional Services Data.
4. **Data Protection Regulation**: refers to all European and national regulations on privacy and Personal Data, including implementing texts, regulations, orders, standards, guidelines and other acts including (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) EU Regulation No. 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 known as the "General Data Protection Regulation" (GDPR) and French Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 as amended, known as the "Loi Informatique et Libertés".
5. **Data Protection Authority**: refers to the controlling authority for the protection of Personal Data concerned by the processing under this DPA. In the case of processing affecting data subjects located in several European Union Member States, the controlling authority of the main establishment of the Data Processor shall be considered the lead authority, in accordance with the GDPR ;
6. **Personal Data**: means any information relating to an identifiable or identified natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by an identifier such as name, identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person;
7. **Products and Services**: means the hosting and storage services provided by SCALINGO under the Agreement;
8. **Processing**: means any operation or set of operations, whether or not carried out by automated means, on Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, limitation, deletion or destruction;
9. **ISSP**: Scalingo's Information Systems Security Policy. To obtain the latest version of the applicable PSSI, please refer to the Scalingo support team.
10. **User(s)**: means the natural person who benefits from the Services, who is employed by Client or by Client's subcontractors, and who is authorized to use all or part of the Services, regardless of location and access.

All terms identified in the DPA that begin with a capital letter, if not defined herein, shall have the meaning given to them in SCALINGO's General Terms and Conditions of services (hereinafter the "**GTC**").

### ARTICLE 2 - SECURITY MEASURES

In addition to SCALINGO's security obligations stipulated in Article 13 of the GTC and in the ISSP, SCALINGO implements and maintains appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the confidentiality of the Personal Data it processes, in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Regulation.

These measures include the potential risks to the data subjects as a result of the processing operations carried out. These security measures comply with the state of the art and industry best practices in security, and take into account the guidelines of the Data Protection Authorities.

SCALINGO uses its best efforts to:

* Ensure that the hosting provider on which the Platform is hosted has physical and logical security measures for the servers and datacenters such as to ensure the integrity of the network and servers against any external malicious act or any known computer attack. The servers are protected against intrusions, in particular by firewalls. Access to the host's systems by SCALINGO's staff is protected by strong authentication and authorization management measures. Security updates for operating systems are installed regularly. Security measures against malwares are applied.
* To implement and maintain security and confidentiality measures for the Platform, which take into account the principles of Personal Data protection and are adapted to the risk generated by their processing on the rights and freedoms of the persons concerned, in conformity with the requirements of the Regulations applicable to Personal Data protection. These measures aim to (i) protect Personal Data from destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure to unauthorized third parties and (ii) ensure the restoration of availability of and access to Personal Data within appropriate timeframes in the event of a physical or technical incident.

In case of server failure, SCALINGO will make its best efforts to restore the service as soon as possible, within the limits of the service level commitments made by the hosting provider.

These technical and organizational measures are detailed in the ISSP and regularly tested, analyzed and evaluated by SCALINGO, as part of the certified ISMS set up by the latter, to ensure their effectiveness.

### ARTICLE 3 - INSURANCE

SCALINGO agrees to purchase and maintain during the term of the contract an appropriate insurance policy with a leading insurance company to cover its obligations under this DPA.

### ARTICLE 4 - CONTACTS OF THE PARTIES

The contact points of the Parties referenced for the purpose of executing the DPA are

* For SCALINGO: Data Protection Officer ([dpo@scalingo.com](mailto:dpo@scalingo.com))
* For the Client: Name and contact details of the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”), to be provided and kept up to date by the Client directly from the interface of its Client Account on the Platform, or alternatively the name and contact details indicated at the time of subscription to the Agreement.

The Parties undertake to keep each other informed in the event of a change in the above-mentioned contact points.

### ARTICLE 5 - APPLICABLE LAW - JURISDICTION

This DPA is governed by French law. It shall be applied and interpreted in accordance with such law.

Any dispute concerning the execution, validity or interpretation of the PAD shall be settled in the first instance by mutual consent between the duly authorized representatives of the Parties. Failing amicable resolution, any dispute shall be submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts designated in the GTC.

PART II - PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING FOR WHICH SCALINGO IS A PROCESSOR
--------------------------------------------------------------------

### ARTICLE 6 - IDENTIFICATION OF THE PROCESSING

For the performance of the Services and, more generally, for the performance of any other task that may be entrusted to SCALINGO by the Client under the Agreement, SCALINGO may process the Personal Data that the Client may include in the Resources hosted on the Platform.

| Data Subject | Purpose of the processing | Nature of Processing | Legal base | Categories of data processed | Retention time |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Any person whose Personal Data is processed by the Client through the Resources | Hosting Customer's Resources on the Platform to provide the Products and Services pursuant to Customer's agreement | Collection, storage, adaptation, use, transmission, erasure or destruction | Execution of the Agreement | All categories, according to the processing activities carried out by the Client as Data Controller | Agreement duration + 30 days (data return period) or any other retention period requested by the Client |
| Any person whose Personal Data is processed by Scalingo as part of a contractual guidance or support relationship | Commercial assistance, customer support | Collection, storage, adaptation, use, transmission, erasure or destruction | Execution of the Agreement | All categories, according to the data submitted by the Client as Data Controller | Agreement duration or date of data subject's request + 30 days (data return period before deletion) or any other shorter retention period requested by the Client |

### ARTICLE 7 - OBLIGATIONS OF SCALINGO

As a Subcontractor, SCALINGO undertakes to respect the following obligations and to ensure that its staff complies with the following obligations, in accordance with Article 28 of the GDPR:

(a) To process Personal Data hosted by the Client on the Platform strictly for the purpose of providing the Services defined in the Agreement ;

(b) Ensure the confidentiality of the Personal Data and that its personnel authorized to process it are bound by an obligation of confidentiality;

(c) To take into account, with regard to the Platform, and more generally, its tools, products, applications or services, the principles of protection of Personal Data from the outset (privacy by design) and by default (privacy by default);

(d) Not to use Personal Data for any purpose other than those set forth in this DPA and/or the Agreement and not to retain it beyond the term of the Agreement or any other period specified by the Client.

(e) Return the Personal Data as set forth in ARTICLE 15 below;

(f) Not license, rent, lease or otherwise transfer the Personal Data, in whole or in part, to any third party without the prior written consent of Client;

(g) To reasonably assist Client in the performance of privacy impact assessments and prior consultation with the relevant supervisory authority. The Client acknowledges and agrees that such assistance will be subject to a specific quote from SCALINGO ;

(h) To answer as soon as possible to any request from the Client concerning the Personal Data processed in order to enable it to take into account, within the time limits set, any requests from the Data Subjects (right of access, rectification, deletion, opposition, etc.); the Client acknowledges and agrees that this assistance will be the subject of a specific quote from SCALINGO;

(i) Notify and assist the Customer in guaranteeing compliance with obligations relating to the security of Personal Data, in particular in the context of security breach notification procedures, under the conditions set out in ARTICLE 10. - below. The Customer acknowledges and agrees that SCALINGO's assistance will be limited to its legal and contractual obligations and that any additional specific assistance to the CUSTOMER may be subject to a specific quote from SCALINGO.;

(j) Implement the necessary technical and organizational measures enabling the Client to fully respect the rights of the Concerned Persons, in particular the right of access, the right to obtain rectification or deletion of Personal Data or limitation of the processing of their Personal Data, the right to object to decisions based on profiling, as well as the right to data portability, if applicable.

(k) Define and formalise a policy for the provision and return of Personal Data as well as their destruction, and make it available to the Customer on request.

The Client is informed that if SCALINGO is required to disclose Personal Data to a law enforcement agency, SCALINGO will use its best efforts to provide the Client with reasonable notice and to allow the Client to seek any protective order or other appropriate remedy, unless SCALINGO is prohibited from doing so by law or by the relevant Data Protection Authority. The Client is also informed that SCALINGO will notify the Client without undue delay if it considers that an instruction constitutes a breach of the GDPR or other applicable provisions of Union or Member State data protection law.

### ARTICLE 8 - LOCATION OF PERSONAL DATA

Personal Data are stored by SCALINGO in OUTSCALE's datacenters, which are physically located in different places according to the "region" chosen by the Client in its Order.

The selected "region" can be **osc-fr1** or **osc-secnum-fr1**.

**For the osc-fr1 region**. Data are stored by SCALINGO in datacenters located in FRANCE, and managed by OUTSCALE in its "eu-west-2" region (OUTSCALE DPO, 1 rue Royale, 319 bureaux de la Colline, 92210 Saint-Cloud, [personal-data@outscale.com](mailto:personal-data@outscale.com)). The datacenters are located in Paris-Pantin & Magny-les-Hameaux, France. OUTSCALE's OOS storage services are located in France in OUTSCALE's eu-west-2 region and are provided to SCALINGO for database backups and log backups.

**For the osc-secnum-fr1 region**. Data are stored by SCALINGO in data centers located in FRANCE, and managed by OUTSCALE in its "cloudgouv-eu-west-1" region (OUTSCALE DPO, 1 rue Royale, 319 bureaux de la Colline, 92210 Saint-Cloud, [personal-data@outscale.com](mailto:personal-data@outscale.com)). The data centers are located in Paris-Pantin & Magny-les-Hameaux, France. OUTSCALE's OOS storage services are located in France in OUTSCALE's cloudgouv-eu-west-1 region and are provided to SCALINGO for database backups and log backups.

### ARTICLE 9 - EXERCISE OF RIGHTS, REQUESTS AND COMPLAINTS

SCALINGO has put in place directly on the Platform, the necessary tools to allow the Client to manage alone and autonomously the requests for exercising rights, requests and/or complaints from Data Subjects, Supervisory Authorities or any other regulatory authority, within the deadlines and conditions provided for by the Data Protection Regulations.

The rights of Data Subjects that may be exercised in this context are detailed in Article 24 of this Agreement. These include, in particular, the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, data portability, objection, withdrawal of consent, and the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.

Where necessary, SCALINGO will assist the Client which so requests, through the Support available on the Platform.

SCALINGO will do its best to implement the appropriate technical and organizational measures that the Client may request. These additional services will, if necessary, be subject to an additional price, which the Client acknowledges and accepts.

### ARTICLE 10 - VIOLATION OF PERSONAL DATA

If SCALINGO becomes aware of a Personal Data breach, it will inform the Client as soon as possible after becoming aware of such a breach and provide all necessary information so that the Client can assess the breach.

In accordance with Article 33 of the GDPR, unless the violation does not result in any risk to the rights and freedoms of the Data Subjects, Client, as the Controller, shall assume responsibility for notifying the Supervisory Authority and, if the violation is likely to cause a high risk to their rights and freedoms, the affected individuals, in each Member State affected by the violation. Such notification shall be made without undue delay and no later than seventy-two (72) hours after the Client becomes aware of a breach of Personal Data.

Such notification by Client to the Supervisory Authority shall:

* Describe the nature of the Personal Data breach and include, if possible, the categories and approximate number of affected individuals, and the categories and approximate number of affected Personal Data records;
* Communicate the name, contact information of the Data Protection Officer or other contacts from whom additional information may be obtained;
* Describe the likely consequences of the Personal Data violation;
* Describe the steps taken or proposed to be taken to address the Personal Data violation, including measures to mitigate any adverse effects.

### ARTICLE 11 - REGISTER OF PROCESSING ACTIVITIES

SCALINGO shall keep a register of processing activities carried out on behalf of the Client, identifying for itself and each of its subsequent subcontractors the processing activities carried out on behalf of the Client, the location from which the service is rendered and any transfers of Personal Data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). The register maintained by SCALINGO will also document, where applicable, the implementation of appropriate safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection, and any other information required by the Data Protection Regulation. The register will be accessible at all times to the competent data protection authorities.

### ARTICLE 12 - SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY OF PROCESSING

The general security requirements are set out in ARTICLE 2. - above.

With regard to the security of Personal Data processed for the purposes of performing the Services, SCALINGO implements additional measures resulting from the Data Protection Regulations. In particular, SCALINGO undertakes to implement the following measures:

* Assisting the Client in carrying out anonymization and/or pseudonymization operations of Personal Data by providing the appropriate functionalities and tools included in the Services as well as the necessary expertise;
* To ensure throughout the processing of the Personal Data a robust and flawless end-to-end encryption of the Personal Data, as further described in the ISSP made available to the Client under the conditions provided for in the GTC;
* Ensuring adequate protection of Personal Data to ensure its confidentiality and to prevent Personal Data breaches and/or minimize the impacts in case of a Personal Data breach;
* The implementation of specific tools and processes to detect Personal Data breaches.
* The ability to ensure that any person acting under the authority of SCALINGO who may have access to the Personal Data bases for the purposes of its activity, under the conditions provided for in the GTC, does not carry out any other processing of the Personal Data, except in the cases expressly authorized by the Client;
* The deletion of Personal Data at the end of the retention period as defined by the Client;
* The traceability of the operations (logs) to the Personal Data for a period of twelve (12) months;
* Where processing involves the Hosting of Personal Health Data (HDS), the application of additional security measures, in accordance with the Health Data Hosting appendix, attached to the GTC upon electronic signature of this document or subsequently upon request by the Customer if the subscription to HDS services was not carried out at the same time as the subscription to SCALINGO platform services.

### ARTICLE 13 - ULTERIOR SUBCONTRACTORS

By signing this DPA, the Client expressly authorizes SCALINGO to subcontract the execution of the tasks entrusted to it that involve the processing, in whole or in part, of Personal Data in the course of performing the Services.

SCALINGO undertakes to inform the Client of any planned change in the appointment or replacement of a subsequent subcontractor and to give the Client the opportunity to contest such change in writing within eight (8) calendar days. The Client may object to the new subcontractor for the Services only on the following grounds: (i) the new subcontractor is a direct competitor of the Client; (ii) the new subcontractor is involved in an ongoing dispute with the Client; (iii) the Client legitimately believes and justifies that the new subcontractor is not in compliance with the Data Protection Regulations; (iv) the replacement of the subcontractor would result in a reduction of the existing security measures.

In any case, SCALINGO guarantees that any subsequent processor it appoints offers sufficient guarantees to implement the appropriate technical and organizational measures so that the processing operations it carries out comply with the prescriptions and requirements set forth in this DPA and, more generally, the Data Protection Regulation.

Processing by an ulterior subcontractor shall be governed by a contract between SCALINGO and the subcontractor that sets forth the same rights and obligations as set forth herein, to the extent applicable, including but not limited to the obligation to ensure the security of the processing, the protection of Personal Data and the right to audit. SCALINGO will regularly ensure, including through audits, that its own ulterior subcontractors comply with the above obligations.

SCALINGO shall maintain a list of subcontractors specifying (i) their name and contact details, as well as (ii) the nature of the tasks entrusted to them, (iii) the location of the processing and ( iv) the dates of previous audits.

In any event, SCALINGO remains fully responsible to the Client for the performance of the obligations of its subsequent subcontractors.

As of the date of signature of the DPA, the subcontractors designated by SCALINGO are:

| Name | Contact details | Purpose of the processing | Legal base | Categories of data processed | Location | Transfers outside the EU |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| OUTSCALE | 1 rue Royale 92210 SAINT-CLOUD | Database hosting | Execution of the contract concluded between SCALINGO and the subcontractor | All the Client's databases hosted by SCALINGO as part of the subscription to the Services | See ARTICLE 8. | N/A (no transfer) |

### ARTICLE 14 - DOCUMENTATION AND AUDITS

SCALINGO will provide the Client, subject to confidentiality obligations, with all information necessary to demonstrate its compliance with the obligations of the Data Protection Regulation.

To monitor SCALINGO's compliance with the aforementioned Regulation, SCALINGO will allow audits, conducted by the Client or an independent auditor appointed by the Client, provided that such auditor does not compete with SCALINGO's activities, and limited to one audit per year.

To request an audit, Client will be required to submit a detailed audit plan at least four (4) weeks prior to the proposed audit date, describing the proposed scope, duration and start date of the audit. SCALINGO will review the audit plan and notify Client of any concerns or issues (for example, any requests for information that may violate SCALINGO's security and privacy policies).

The Parties acknowledge that all reports and information obtained during this audit are confidential information, the disclosure of which constitutes a material breach of contract.

The audit may only be conducted during SCALINGO's business hours and in a manner that does not disrupt its business. The audit does not include access to systems, information or data that are not related to the processing of Personal Data operated by the Client through the Platform. Furthermore, access to these systems shall only concern the parts specifically dedicated to the Client, excluding shared spaces. Upon express request by the Client in the context of the audit, the certification audit reports and external and internal penetration tests carried out will be communicated and available for consultation on site at SCALINGO.

The Client shall bear all costs incurred by the audit, including but not limited to the auditor's fees, and shall reimburse SCALINGO for all costs and expenses incurred by such audit, including time spent on the audit, based on the average hourly rate of the SCALINGO personnel who worked on the audit.

### ARTICLE 15 - DATA RESTITUTION AND DELETION

SCALINGO allows the Client to authorize one or more Users to export, at any time, all or part of the Data, including Personal Data, processed through the Platform, directly from the Account, in the formats of standard market tools.

At the end of the Agreement, SCALINGO undertakes to delete the Data from its systems in accordance with the conditions set out in article 10 of the GTC.

### ARTICLE 16 - CLIENT'S COMMITMENTS

As a Data Controller, the Client ensures that Users and Data Subjects have been informed of the processing of their Personal Data for the purposes specified in this GDPR and have given their consent, if applicable. The Client warrants to SCALINGO in this regard that it complies with the Data Protection Regulation (including, but not limited to, complete, intelligible and easily accessible information to Data Subjects; an appropriate basis for the processing; and compliance with all required procedures and formalities, such as conducting an impact assessment where applicable, etc...).

The Client is exclusively responsible for selecting the Services, ensuring that the Services are adapted to operate its activities and for processing of Personal Data. In this respect, it is the Client's responsibility to take all necessary security and insurance measures to protect the Personal Data it processes through the Platform, adapted to the risks incurred, due to the processing, on the fundamental rights and freedoms of the persons concerned.

If the Client acts as a subcontractor of a third party controller, the Client guarantees to SCALINGO that

(i) it has obtained all necessary authorizations to enter into this DPA ;

(ii) the contract entered into with the Controller complies with this DPA;

(iii) that the instructions given to SCALINGO are in accordance with the instructions of the Controller;

(iv) that it remains fully responsible to SCALINGO for the proper performance of the Controller's obligations under this DPA.

### ARTICLE 17 - CLIENT OBLIGATIONS

The Client guarantees having obtained and to maintain, for all duration of the Agreement, all necessary consents and/or declarations/authorizations to lawfully process the Personal Data of Users and Data Subjects and more generally, to execute this DPA. The Client will indemnify and hold SCALINGO harmless from any claim or action by any User or Data Subject relating to the protection of their Personal Data.

### ARTICLE 18 - RESPONSIBILITY

It is reminded that SCALINGO is subject to an obligation of means in the provision of the Platform and Services to the Client. SCALINGO's responsibility towards the Client may only be sought, in accordance with article 15 of the GTC, in the case of direct damage suffered by the Client and caused by a proven contractual violation by SCALINGO committed in or during the performance of its obligations.

In any event, SCALINGO's responsibility will be capped, for all causes combined, at the amount of payments made by the latter over the last twelve (12) months of the Agreement. It is specified that in the event of loss or deterioration of the Data, and if such loss or deterioration is exclusively attributable to SCALINGO, SCALINGO's responsibility shall be limited to the reinstallation of the last backup made.

Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Client expressly acknowledges and accepts that SCALINGO shall not be liable under any circumstances for the processing of Personal Data carried out by the Client through the Platform. The Client, as the Data Controller, is exclusively responsible towards third parties for compliance with the Data Protection Regulations and guarantees SCALINGO against any action, claim or recourse from third parties (data subjects, supervisory authorities or other third parties) in this regard.

According to Article 82 of the GDPR, the responsibility of SCALINGO, as a subcontractor, is strictly limited to the contractual obligations undertaken within the framework of the DPA, SCALINGO excluding any extended responsibility in this respect. If both Parties are jointly liable for any damage caused to a person concerned as a result of the processing of his/her Personal Data through the Platform, SCALINGO may only be required to compensate the damage in proportion to its contractual responsibility towards the Client.