**Terms Of Service**

By using this service, you signify your agreement to these terms of service. If you do not agree to these terms of service, please do not use the service. Informe.com reserves the right, at its discretion, to add, change, modify, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms regularly for changes. Your continued use of Informe.com following the posting of any changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. You are responsible for keeping up to date with the terms in this agreement.

By using this service you expressly agree that use of Informe.com is at your sole risk. Neither Informe.com, nor its affiliates, nor any of its officers directors, or employees, agents, third-party content providers, licensers, sponsors, merchants, or the like, warrant that Informe.com will be uninterrupted or error-free. nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of Informe.com and its services, or as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information content, service, or merchandise provided through Informe.com.

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Informe.com, its officers, directors, owners, partners, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information provider to the website from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including attorney's fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms of Service (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or your use and access of the Informe.com website.

**DISCLAIMER**

Informe.com is provided on an "as is," "as available" basis without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. No oral advice or written information given by Informe.com nor its affiliates, nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, providers, merchants, sponsors, licensers, or the like, shall create a warranty. nor shall you rely on any such information or advice.

Under no circumstances shall Informe.com or any other party involved in creating, producing, or distributing Informe.com be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use Informe.com, including but not limited to reliance by you on any information obtained from Informe.com or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to Informe.com's records, programs, or services. You hereby acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise, and services available through Informe.com. Due to the fact that some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Informe.com does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our web site or e-mail addresses. Please note that any information or material sent to Informe.com or any of its related sites, services, or e-mail addresses will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending Informe.com any information or material, you grant Informe.com an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree that Informe.com is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose.

Informe.com makes no representations whatsoever about any other web site which you may access through this one. When you access a non-Informe.com web site, please understand that it is independent from Informe.com, and that Informe.com has no control over the content on that web site. In addition, a link to a non-Informe.com web site does not mean that Informe.com endorse or warrants in any way whatsoever or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such web site. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature. By using a hyperlink on the Informe.com web site you agree to accept full responsibility for use of the hyperlink.

**LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

Under no circumstances whatsoever shall Informe.com be liable for any loss of data, lost profits or any damages including, without limitation, any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the materials in this service, even if Informe.com or a Informe.com authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. By using this site you agree to hold Informe.com harmless in all capacities to the fullest extent allowable by law.

**CONTENT PROPRIETARY RIGHTS**

You acknowledge that Informe.com contains information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds, and other material (collectively "Content") that are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereinafter developed. User may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part. If no specific restrictions are displayed, User may make copies of select portions of the Content, provided that the copies are made only for User's personal use and that User maintains any notices contained in the Content, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices. Except as provided in the preceding sentence or as permitted by the fair use privilege under the US copyright laws (see e.g. 17 U.S.C. Section 107), User may not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute in any way Content protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the owner of the copyright or other propriety right. In addition to the foregoing, use of any software Content shall be governed by the software license agreement accompanying such software.

**THIRD PARTY CONTENT**

Informe.com has no editorial control over third party content. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitutes part of content expressed or made available by third parties, including providers, merchants, sponsors, licensers, or any other user of Informe.com, are those of the respective authors or distributors and not of Informe.com or its affiliates or any of its officers, directors, employees, or agents. Neither Informe.com nor its affiliates, nor any of its officers, directors, employees, or agents, nor any third party, including any provider, merchant, sponsor, licenser, or any other user of Informe.com, guarantees the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any content, nor its merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. In many instances, the content available through Informe.com represents the opinions and judgments of the respective provider, merchant, sponsor, licenser, or user not under contract with Informe.com.

Informe.com neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made on Informe.com by anyone other than authorized Informe.com employees. Under no circumstances shall Informe.com, or its affiliates, or any of its officers, directors, employees, or agents be liable for any loss or damage caused by a user's reliance on information obtained through Informe.com. It is the responsibility of user to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available through Informe.com.

**DISTRIBUTION OF THIRD PARTY CONTENT**

Except as set forth in CONTENT PROPRIETARY RIGHTS above, you may upload to or otherwise distribute on Informe.com only Content that is not subject to any copyright or other proprietary rights protection (collectively, "Public Content"), or Content in which the author has given express authorization for distribution on the World Wide Web. Any copyrighted or other proprietary Content distributed with the consent of a copyright owner should contain a phrase such as "Copyright, owned by \[name of owner\]. used by permission." By submitting Content to any User-submit areas, User automatically grants, or warrants that the owner of such Content has expressly granted Informe.com the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, publish, translate, sublicense, copy, and distribute the Content in whole or in part worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such Content. User also permits any other User to access, store, or reproduce the Content for that User's personal use. Subject to this grant, the owner of Content placed on Informe.com retains any and all rights which may exist in such Content.

**Informe.com's RIGHTS**

Informe.com's rights include but are not limited to the below paragraphs. Informe.com may elect to monitor any areas of the site or any of its services and may disclose any content, records, or electronic communication of any kind to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request or if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate Informe.com or to protect the rights or property of Informe.com, its visitors, sponsors, providers, licensers, or merchants.

Informe.com is not responsible in any way whatsoever for screening, policing, editing, or monitoring such content. If notified of allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive content, Informe.com may investigate the allegation and determine in its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such content from Informe.com.

Informe.com reserves the right to prohibit conduct, communication, or content that it deems in its sole discretion to be harmful to individual users, Informe.com, or any rights of Informe.com or any third party, or to violate any applicable law.

**LIMITATIONS**

1\. Limitations. The Service is subject to the following limitations:

\-a. User acknowledges that the Service is provided on a shared server and agrees not to engage in any activity that could overwhelm the server with heavy CPU usage or that requires a disproportionate amount of the resources of the Informe.com server, including without limitation, use of highly active scripts or processes.

\-b. All features of your account are to be used by the account holder only and not redistributed in any way. You may not install any uploading scripts or file managers which store public uploaded files on your webspace. Accounts, in our sole discretion, considered to be storing only or mostly downloadable files are not allowed and will be terminated upon sight. You may not give out your FTP or account login password to anyone who is not related to webmastering your web site, nor may you give out your password for the purpose of public uploads or download. You may not sub host/resell or run your own web hosting provider on our servers, this included providing an account or website to persons who were denied an account by Informe.com.

\-c. Informe.com unconditionally reserves the right to remove or suspend access to your forums without notice or explanation. Failure to abide by any local, state, or federal laws regarding your forum(s) will result in permanent removal and refusal of service. Informe.com will not be held responsible for any illegal or malicious content.  
You are in no way permitted to upload, download, share, or distribute copyrighted material through the use of the free forum hosting service, including but not limited to, art, music, movies, games, and applications unless you have been granted full permission from the creator. Pornography. hate propaganda, racist, threatening, or otherwise abusive content. the promotion or incitement of, or instruction for, the commission of illegal activities. mail fraud, multi-level marketing (pyramid) schemes or any other fraudulent activities. sending of unsolicited e-mail (spam) from the Informe.com server, or any other server that refers to content on the Informe.com server, or sending such e-mail with a Informe.com hosted Web site listed as the contact address are not permitted and will result in permanent removal of your forums and other services. Any malicious material including but not limited to, source code, applications, viruses, worms, and Trojan horses will result in permanent removal of your forums and other services as well.

\-d. Indemnity. User agrees that Informe.com is not responsible for content on pages hosted on member sites and acknowledges that Informe.com does not endorse or verify any such material. User agrees to assume full responsibility for all files associated with the Site and acknowledges that User may be held legally for the contents of the Site.

\-e. Backup and Monitoring. User is solely responsible for creating backups of any files associated with the Site and for monitoring the Site. Informe.com does not provide backups nor recovery of lost files.

\-f. Notice to Officials. If Informe.com determines that law enforcement officials should be notified regarding potentially illegal content on the Site, User agrees that Informe.com may provide copies of User's web pages to the appropriate officials without notice to user. Informe.com will cooperate with all law enforcement efforts to locate persons who have posted content that is illegal or promotes illegal conduct.

**TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT**

This agreement is effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate this agreement at any time, by destroying all materials obtained from Informe.com, along with all related documentation and all copies and installations. Informe.com shall have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement with respect to any user which Informe.com, in its sole discretion, considers to be unacceptable, or in the event of any breach by you of this Agreement. Informe.com may terminate this agreement at any time and without notice to you. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials received from Informe.com.

In addition, by providing material on our web site, we do not in any way promise that the materials will remain available to you. Informe.com is entitled to terminate all or part of any of its site or services at any time, without notice to you.

**ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

This Agreement represents the entire understanding between you and Informe.com regarding your relationship with Informe.com and supersedes any prior statements or representations. You signify your assent to be bound by this agreement by using Informe.com services