##### Preamble

Welcome to use the developments services provided by the Weixin Open Platform!

The Weixin Open Platform is operated by Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company (hereinafter referred to as "the Company"), and some of the services and functions may be provided by the Company's affiliates (collectively referred to as "Tencent"). To use the Weixin Open Platform Development Services (hereinafter referred to as “the Services”), you shall read and follow the Weixin Open Platform Developer Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as “the Agreement”), the [Tencent Service Agreement](http://www.qq.com/contract.shtml), the [QQ Number Rules](http://zc.qq.com/chs/agreement1_chs.html) and other relevant agreements and rules.

##### Please carefully read and fully understand the content of each term, in particular the terms of exemption or limitation of liability, as well as separate agreements and rules for the activation or use of a certain service.

You are not entitled to use the Services provided by Tencent unless you have read and accepted all the terms of the Agreement and relevant agreements and rules. Your use of the Services provided by Tencent shall be deemed as if you have read and agreed to be bound by the above agreements and rules. In the event of any of your breach of the Agreement, Tencent is entitled to unilaterally restrict, suspend or terminate the Services to you at any time accordingly, and to investigate your relevant responsibilities.

##### 1\. Terminology

Expert stated otherwise, the following terminologies mean

**1.1 Developers:** Refers to the individual, legal person or other organizations, also refers to as "you", who use their own name to develop, create or obtain legal authorization to operate and independently assume the legal responsibility after effective registration and application, and provide users with a variety of services by the various applications that access the Weixin Open Platform.

**1.2 Application:** Refers to the applications and related services that are developed and authored by the developer in their own name, enjoy legitimate operational rights, operate and independently assume legal responsibility, and use the Weixin Open Platform Services after the registration of the Weixin Open Platform.

**1.3 Weixin Open Platform:** Refers to the website [http://open.weixin.qq.com](https://open.weixin.qq.com/) and the sub-pages of each of the aforementioned platform websites that Tencent owns, controls, and operates, the following are also referred to as "Open Platform" and "Platform".

##### Tencent and Developers all consent and understand that:  
(1) The Weixin Open Platform is a neutral platform service provider, and it only provides developers with open interface for development services or related neutral technical support services under the Agreement. Tencent is entitled to select the developers to use the Services based on factors such as the orderly operation and healthy development of the Weixin and its platform.  
(2) A developer develops his application in his own name or has a legal right to operate the application, and will bear all the liabilities on his own. Tencent will not, and could not get involved in any of the activities of a developer’s application such as its research and development, and its operation. Nor will Tencent make any modification, edition or organization of a developer’s application.  
(3) As for any disputes and liabilities arising from a developer’s application and its services, as well as any consequences caused by a developer’s violation of applicable laws, regulations or the Agreement, the developer shall bear liabilities and compensate for losses on its own, and it has nothing to do with Tencent. If there is an infringement of the rights and interests of Tencent or others, such developer shall bear all liabilities and compensate for all losses on their own.  

**1.4 User Data:** Refers to user-related data generated by users in open platform, applications, etc., including but not limited to, voice data, image data, data formed by users’ operation, which are submitted by users. The ownership of "User Data" and other related rights belongs to Tencent, and it is a trade secret of Tencent, except the relevant rights that are legally owned by users.

**1.5 Open Platform's Operational Data:** Refers to relevant data generated by users and developers in using open platform services, including but not limited to data submitted by users or developers, data formed by operational activities, and various transactional data. The ownership of "Operational Data of Weixin Open Platform" and other related rights belongs to Tencent, and it is a trade secret of Tencent, except the relevant rights that are legally owned by users.

**1.6 Weixin or its service platform:** Refers to websites, applications, software, etc. related to Weixin services such as Tencent Weixin software, Weixin Official Accounts Platform, and Weixin Open Platform.

##### 2\. Rights and Obligations of the Developers

##### 2.1 Account Registration

2.1.1 You shall log in to the website of the Weixin Open Platform or through other approaches designated by Tencent, and use Email address to register for the developer account (hereinafter referred to as the “Account”) to be a developer. Once the Account is registered successfully, the corresponding e-mail address shall not be changed, and the Account will be unassignable, non-donable and non-inheritable. If you have been registered successfully via QQ number, you shall associate an email address to your Account in a timely manner, while you can still use the registered QQ number log in to the Weixin Open Platform.

2.1.2 You should use the email address to which you have legal ownership to register an account and should observe relevant agreements, rules and other binding provisions when applying for an account.

2.1.3 To guarantee the legality and security of the Services, you shall not use your account for any other purpose in violation of the Agreement, including but not limited to applying for the Services for a third party with your account. Otherwise, Tencent is entitled to unilaterally restrict, suspend or terminate the Services to you and/or the application registered by you, and you and/or the application registered by you cannot use the Services again without Tencent’s permission.

2.1.4 The email address or QQ number used for the registration is a proof of your login and use of the Services. You shall take security measures to your email account, QQ number, password, and the keys or passwords you used to enter and manage all sorts of products or services of the Services. You are solely liable for any damages and results caused by the loss or reveal of the aforementioned keys or passwords due to the misconduct of your security measures or any other misconducts.

**2.1.5 You guarantee that the E-mail address and QQ number used for your registration of the Services are legitimate. The usage of the E-mail during the Services, including but not limited to the registration of the Services Account, submission of relevant qualifications and certificates, confirmation and agreement to relevant agreements and/or rules, selection of certain services, and settlement of expenses, are conducted by you or a person you authorized, and are binding on you. Meanwhile, you are solely liable for legal responsibilities for all conducts identified with the aforementioned E-mail or QQ number.**

2.1.6 If you find someone illegally using or stealing your account or password, or engage in any other activities without your legal authorization, you shall immediately notify Tencent in an effective manner (and provide including but not limited to your identity information and relevant identification credentials, relevant facts and your requests, etc.). After receiving your effective request and verifying the identity, Tencent will take relevant actions as appropriate. If the information you provide is incomplete, resulting in Tencent’s failure to verify your identity or to judge your requests, and further leading to Tencent’s failure to process in a timely manner, you shall be solely liable for any loss arising therefrom. Meanwhile, it will take Tencent a reasonable period of time to take actions upon your requests, and Tencent will not be liable for any losses caused by others before Tencent takes actions in accordance with your effective notification.

2.1.7 In order to secure you and the users’ data and prevent users’ information from being revealed, damaged, tampered or lost, you understand and agree that Tencent is entitled to review the access of information system you have accessed, including but not limited to technology level review, safety level review, subject qualification review, and give you advices on intrusion prevention, anti-virus based on the result of review. If your information system is still unable to meet the requirements for protection of user data, Tencent is entitled to refuse to or terminate its provision of the Services.

##### 2.2. Qualification materials

**2.2.1 You warrant that you will faithfully fill in and submit the account registration materials and developer authentication materials, and be responsible for the facticity, legitimacy, accuracy and validity of all the materials; you possess relevant legal qualifications or are approved by or have filed with relevant governmental departments so that you are qualified to use the Services, get access to and operate applications, or provide related services; the subject qualification materials, related qualifications or certificates you provide are authentic, accurate and complete, and you will update them in a timely manner once there is any change of such information; you have the capacity to perform all obligations and actions under the Agreement; your performance of related obligations and engagement in related actions will not result in a breach of any legal documents binding on you. Otherwise, Tencent is entitled to refuse to provide or terminate the Services, and punish the illegal Account in accordance with the Agreement. You shall not use the services provided by Tencent and shall undertake all liabilities arising therefrom independently and compensate all losses caused thereby to the third party and Tencent.**

2.2.2 You warrant that you will, in accordance with law and as required by Tencent, submit the authentic and accurate qualification materials of the subject signed or sealed by you and the contact person’s name, address, email address and other related materials necessary for using the Services.

2.2.3 You warrant that as for all services you provide on the Weixin Open Platform by your applications, you have obtained relevant legal qualifications, licenses or approvals from competent authorities, and you will submit such qualifications or certification documents to Tencent.

2.2.4 You warrant that all services you provide on the Weixin Open Platform by your applications accord with national laws and regulations, do not violate any applicable laws, regulations, related agreements or rules, and will not infringe any other’s legitimate rights and interests. Meanwhile, you will provide copyright, patent and other relevant supporting documents in accordance with laws, agreements and requirements of Tencent.

##### 2.3 Service for Fees

**2.3.1 Part of the services of the Weixin Open Platform are provided for fees, such as developer’s qualification verification service of the Weixin Open Platform. If you use such fee-charging services, you shall abide by relevant specific rules.**

2.3.2 Tencent may modify and alter the charging standards or methods of services for charge according to actual demands, and it may also charge for some free services. Prior to the modification or alteration or the charging, Tencent will notify or announce on its service page. If you do not agree to the above modification or alteration or the charged content, you shall discontinue your use of the Services.

##### 2.4 Developer Qualification Verification

2.4.1 You may apply for the Weixin Open Platform developer qualification verification (hereinafter refers to as “Developer Verification”) for your Account of the Weixin Open Platform when you meet certain conditions. The Developer Verification service is limited to the examination and approval of the developer’s qualifications. Tencent will only review the materials and information submitted by a user, and will not undertake any liabilities or provide any guarantee for the actual operation of such user. Any dispute with other uses or a third party arising from the user’s behavior, the user shall undertake the liabilities independently. For any and all damages caused to Tencent, other users or third parties, you shall compensate in accordance with laws.

2.4.2 To provide more professional services to users, you agree to authorize Tencent to entrust a third party to review the information you submit, and to independently determine the results of the verification according to the review. Meanwhile, to legally protect the preexisting rights of relevant users and to standardize the Platform operation, part of the Weixin developers’ accounts shall be authenticated before they can be registered and used. As for specific rules of developers’ authentication, please comply with the specific policies Tencent issued for it.

##### 2.5 Application Requirements

2.5.1 You shall be solely liable for the creation, development, edition, improvement, modification, testing, operation and maintenance of your application, and bear relevant expenses on your own.

2.5.2 Your application shall be subject to applicable laws and regulations, technical specifications or standards, and meanwhile, shall also accord with the unified requirements on technology and security of the Weixin Open Platform for accessing of applications, to ensure the safe and stable operation of an application on the Weixin Open Platform.

**2.5.3 You should not modify the API related to the Services in any form. You shall mark your application with expressions like “Powered by the Weixin Open Platform” or “Technologies provided by the Weixin Open Platform” in definite and complete manner. Otherwise, Tencent is entitled to suspend or terminate the Services to you at any time.**

2.5.4 During the operation period of your application on the Weixin Open Platform, you shall provide users with effective and efficient customer services, including but not limited to informing users of customer service channels, QQ numbers or cellphone numbers in an explicit and reasonable way, and bear customer service fees on your own.

2.5.5 You shall provide compliant channels for relevant claimants on your application to make sure the claimants can make claims to you when they believe you infringe their legitimate rights and interests.

2.5.6 Your application applying for the use of the Services shall be the application which is developed or created by yourself or is operated with relevant authorization, and you will be solely liable for all legal responsibilities. You shall not apply for or use the Services for any third-party application with your Account, otherwise, Tencent is entitled to unilaterally restrict, suspend or terminate the services to you and/or the application you registered for, and without Tencent’s approval, you and/or the application you registered shall not use the Services again.

2.5.7 To protect the users’ accurate identification of the application, the users’ information rights, decision rights as well as a third party’s legal rights and interests, your application’s name shall be associated with your application, and shall not infringe others’ legal rights and interests in any form, and each application can only use one application name. You shall provide Tencent with authentic, accurate and complete information of applications or websites, including but not limited to domain names, links, the accounts and fields assigned by a third party. Tencent is entitled to extract, analyze, evaluate, and compare such information, to provide judgment basis for the examination and approval of the authentication, legality, and security of relevant applications and websites.

##### 2.6 Operation of Application

**2.6.1 You shall operate your application, fulfill relevant obligations and independently undertake all liabilities in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to:**  
(1) keep the log records of corresponding visiting and using in accordance with applicable laws and regulations;  
(2) when competent authorities inquire you about relevant information in accordance with applicable laws, you shall cooperate and provide such information actively.  
(3) fulfill other obligations that you shall fulfill in accordance with the law actively.  

**2.6.2 You warrant that:**  
(1) your application, relevant services offered to users and the information or content published, shall not breach the provisions of applicable laws, regulations and policies as well as the Agreement, relevant agreements or rules, nor shall them infringe any person’s legitimate rights or interests;  
(2) you are solely liable for supervising the contents generated by users in the process of using the service within your application, including but not limited to messages, information, comments and titles left by users. You shall warrant that those contents do not breach applicable laws, regulations, policies and public order and good customs. Otherwise, you may delete such violating information, disconnect the connection or take other effective actions.  
(3) the application design should attach importance to the user experience, respect the user’s right to know and choose, the service should adhere to the principle of good faith, do not mislead, fraud, confuse users, respect the privacy of users, do not harass users, do not create spam.  

**2.6.3 You shall not engage in any of the following activities, nor shall you provide any convenience thereto (including without limitation providing convenience to your user’s activity), including but not limited to:**  
(1) Misconduct that breaches any of the fundamental principles under the PRC Constitution;  
(2) Misconduct that jeopardizes the state security, leaks state secrets, provokes users to disunite the country, or undermines the state unity;  
(3) Misconduct that infringes state honors or interests;  
(4) Conduct that is ethnically hateful, offensive or discriminative, threatening the ethnic solidarity;  
(5) Misconduct that promotes heresy, feudal or superstition, breaching Chinese national religious policies;  
(6) Content that spreads rumors, creating social disorders or threatening social stability;  
(7) Transmit information that is obscene, violent, gambling, terrifying and encourages murders or other crimes;  
(8) Misconduct that is insulting, defamatory or infringing legitimate rights and interests of others;  
(9) Any misconduct that infringes others’ intellectual property rights, trade secrets or other legal interests;  
(10) Misconduct that misleads or deceives others by making false facts or concealing the truth;  
(11) Publish, transmit, spread advertising information and spam;  
(12) Other misconduct prohibited by applicable laws or regulations.  

**2.6.4 You shall not engage in any following activities, nor shall you provide any convenience thereto (including without limitation providing convenience to your user’s activity), including but not limited to:**  
(1) Delete, conceal or alter any patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary statements displayed by or contained in the Weixin Open Platform;  
(2) You must not interfere or attempt to interfere with any products of Tencent or its components and features, or create, publish or transmit relevant tools or methods;  
(3) Without written approval from Tencent, you shall not use in your application such words or symbols, including but not limited to “腾讯”, “QQ”, “微信”, “WeChat” or other Tencent trademarks, logos, or any variants, abbreviations, rewrites thereof;  
(4) Circumvent, try to circumvent, or claim to be able to circumvent any content protection mechanism, or cause the users to believe it has direct interaction with the Weixin Open Platform and relevant products of Tencent;  
(5) Use Tencent’s URL addresses or technical interfaces in any way, or apply for such use or for a Third-party Application without the written approval by Tencent;  
(6) Without other users’ consent, you must not display or disclose the Users’ personal information to other users or any third party in any form;  
(7) Ask for, collect, request, or otherwise obtain numbers or passwords of users’ login accounts such as QQ and Weixin, or any other authentication credentials, including but not limited to QQ number, Weixin ID, etc.;  
(8) Provide proxy verification credentials for any user’s automatically logging in the Weixin Open Platform;  
(9) Tracking services include, without limitation, tracking other users’ visits and clicks through their personal websites;  
(10) Automatically direct the explorer page to other websites;  
(11) Visit to Tencent products or services without our authorization;  
(12) The application contains content that may endanger the rights and interests of Tencent or users and the security of terminal information, such as computer viruses, Trojan Horses or other malicious programs, etc.;  
(13) Setting or publishing any function or content that violates applicable laws or regulations, public order, good morals, or social morality, etc.;  
(14) Publicly express or imply that there is partnership between you and Tencent, including but not limited to cross shareholdings, commercial intercourse or cooperative relationship, or claim that Tencent gives any recognition to you;  
(15) The account registration information and developer authentication material filled in and submitted are in violation of the Agreement, or the developer authentication materials are inconsistent with the registration information, and the operation has nothing to do with the identity shown in the registration information or developer authentication materials;  
(16) Taking actions such as compelling, inducing other users to follow an account, clicking a link page, and opening an app or share information in any forms including but not limited to giving tangible or virtual rewards;  
(17) Provide any communication, social, and information interaction services that actively set up or guide users to hide, disguise, change and other ways to conceal users' real identity;  
(18) Other conducts or content which Tencent considers inappropriate.  

2.6.5 The Services may use third-party software or technology, if there is such use, Tencent promises to have obtained legal authorization, and meanwhile, Tencent will display relevant agreements and other documents according to applicable laws, regulations or agreements. All the aforementioned relevant agreements and other documents displayed thereto in various forms are an inseparable part of the Agreement, and have the same legal effect with the Agreement. You shall comply with all the requirements thereunder. Otherwise, you shall be solely liable for any and all responsibilities arising therefrom. Any dispute arising out of the third-party software or technology used by the Services shall be resolved by such third party.

##### 2.7 Rules regarding User Data and Personal Data

2.7.1 To the extent your application or service collects, stores, process or uses data of end users (including any personal data or information, as such terms are defined under applicable law) and any activities in relation to such data shall satisfy the following requirements:  
(1) You shall comply with, and you will not knowingly enable any end users to breach, the Agreement and any applicable laws and regulations (including relating to the processing of personal data). You shall make available to us all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security and the requirements of this section 2.7, including facilitating the conduct of audits and/or inspections of your compliance.  
(2) You shall establish and comply with a privacy policy that clearly and accurately describes to end users what personal data you collect and how you use and share such information (including for advertising) with us and other third parties (e.g. if any such third parties serves content to, or collects information from, them). Such privacy policy must, at a minimum, comply with and be consistent with the terms and requirements set out in the Agreement and the WeChat or Weixin Privacy Policy (as applicable).  
(3) If you process any personal data, you shall obtain users’ express consent to such processing at the time you request such data.  
(4) Unless otherwise authorized or consented to (including under your privacy policy), you shall only process personal data solely to the extent necessary for fulfillment of operation or function of the relevant application. You shall not use such data outside of the relevant application or for any other purpose. Without limiting your obligations under the Agreement or under applicable law, you shall notify end users of the purpose, scope and processing of the data processed by or on behalf of you (whether directly or indirectly), and provide a mechanism for end users to enforce their rights with respect to such data.  
(5) To the extent any personal data is provided by us, you shall only use such data in accordance with documented instructions provided by us. In the event that we request that such data be deleted, you shall use reasonable efforts to delete such data.  
(6) You shall implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect user data from unauthorised access or use, and regularly test the effectiveness of such security measures.  
(7) You shall provide users with ways to modify and delete their data such that if a user needs to delete his or her user data, they can do it by automatically, and you shall ensure that relevant data shall be deleted such that it is irretrievable.  
(8) You shall assist us to respond to requests from end users to exercise their rights under applicable data protection and privacy laws.  
(9) You shall not transfer any personal data that we have provided to you, to any other countries, or to any other person, without our prior written approval. Any such transfers shall only take place as permitted under applicable data and privacy law.  

2.7.2 Without the consent of Tencent, you shall not, through the Services or otherwise, collect, process, store, capture, obtain or ask an end user to provide, any data (including but not limited to Weixin ID, Weixin password, QQ number, QQ password, user relationship chain, friends list data, bank account and password), including but not limited to information contained on Weixin or its service platform, such as user data. You shall not use such data to the extent it is obtained in breach of the Agreement or applicable laws and regulations. You shall not provide such data to any third parties, including any of your customers.

2.7.3You shall not, without the prior written consent of Tencent, use any data obtained in connection with WeChat, Weixin, or the Services (including but not limited to any information or data relating to the Weixin User relationship chain) to conduct, publicly or privately, any promotional, marketing or advertising activities.

2.7.4 If Tencent in its sole discretion believes that the way you collect, process or use any data relating to users may damage or detrimentally impact the user experience, you shall, if requested by Tencent, immediately delete such data and no longer collect, process or use such data. If Tencent requests that you delete any personal data, you shall: (i) render any requested data anonymous in such a manner that it no longer constitutes personal data (as defined under the applicable data and privacy laws); or (ii) permanently delete or render unreadable the requested data. Upon request by us, you must provide written confirmation to us of the anonymization or deletion of the requested personal data.

2.7.5 Tencent may at any time restrict or prevent you from obtaining user data or any other data processed or stored within the Weixin Open Platform.

2.7.6 Except to the extent such data is owned by users in accordance with law, all the rights in any data, user data or other data processed or stored within the Weixin Open Platform belong to Tencent, are commercially sensitive information and deemed trade secrets of Tencent. You shall ensure that all personnel with access to personal data are bound by confidentiality obligations. Without the prior written approval from Tencent, you shall not use the aforementioned data for any purposes other than the purpose of the Agreement and shall not disclosure such data to any third party.

2.7.7 Once developers cease to use the Services or the Weixin Open Platform, or in the event Tencent terminates the Services supplied to you for any reason, you shall delete all data obtained in connection with the Agreement and the Services, including any backups thereof obtained from the Weixin Open Platform and immediately cease use such data in any manner.

2.7.8 You shall, apart from the Services, independently take reasonable and safe technical measures to secure information of various types of data stored in Tencent’s servers arising from the use of the Services, and you shall be liable for the consequences arising from you own acts (including but not limited to self-installing software, encryption measures or other security measures, etc.). You shall promptly report to us, end users and, where applicable, the relevant data protection authorities, any unauthorised access or use of personal data.

##### 2.8 Legal Liabilities

**2.8.1 You guarantee that your use and any other activity of the Services will not infringe any other’s legal rights and interests.**

**2.8.2 You understand and agree that if Tencent finds any possible infringement of another person’s legal rights or interests for the first time or the second time on its own or according to information of relevant departments or complaints from claimants, Tencent is entitled to decide independently whether the infringement really exists based on common sense. Once Tencent is convinced that there is an infringement of another person’s legal rights and interests after reasonable judgment, Tencent is entitled to unilaterally take one or multiple of the following actions.**

1. (1) take actions such as closing the entrance for new user and restricting old user’s login against the application which infringes the legitimate rights and interests of others;
2. (2) take actions such as closing the entrance for new users and restricting old users’ login against the services of Official Account which infringe the legitimate rights and interests of others;
3. (3) take off-line treatments against applications which infringe the legal rights and interests of others, which means terminating the applications using services of the Open Platform;
4. (4) investigate your legal liability;
5. (5) make your misconducts published to the public;
6. (6) other measures Tencent considers as appropriate.

**As for application which has infringed legitimate rights and interests of others, if it no longer infringes other’s legitimate rights and interests after your modification, you agree that Tencent is still entitled to remove such modified application from the platform. Meanwhile, if necessary, you can reconnect the modified application to the Weixin Open Platform as a new application according to the procedures and standards of the Agreement.**

**2.8.3 You understand and agree that if Tencent finds any possible infringement of others’ legal rights and interests more than three times on its own or according to information of relevant departments or complaints from claimant, Tencent is entitled to decide independently whether the infringement really exists according to common sense. Once Tencent is convinced there is an infringement of another person’s legal rights or interests after reasonable judgment, Tencent is entitled to unilaterally take one or multiple of the following actions.**

1. (1) require you to immediately replace and modify relevant content which infringes the legitimate rights and interests of others;
2. (2) take actions such as closing the entrance for new users and restricting old users’ login against one or all of the applications under your name which violate any third party’s interests.
3. (3) take off-line treatments against the application which infringe the legitimate rights and interests of others, or all or any of the applications under your name, which means terminating the applications using service of the Open Platform;
4. (4) prohibit you from accessing any of your new applications to the Weixin Open Platform in the future;
5. (5) investigate your legal liabilities;
6. (6) make your misconducts published to the public;
7. (7) other actions which Tencent deems as appropriate.

**2.8.4 You warrant that your use of the Services and any of your acts shall not violate any applicable laws and regulations, the Agreement and other relative agreements and rules. Otherwise, you understand and agree that if Tencent finds any possible violation of the aforementioned warranties on its own or according to information of relevant departments or complaints from claimants, Tencent is entitled to decide at its sole discretion whether the violation really exists according to common sense. Once Tencent confirms there is a violation of the aforementioned warranties based upon reasonable judgment, Tencent is entitled to take any of the following measures, individually or in a combination.**

1. (1) require you to immediately change or modify the content that breaches the foresaid warranties;
2. (2) take actions such as closing the entrance for new users and restricting old users’ login against the application which violates the aforementioned representations and warranties or all or any of the applications under your name;
3. (3) any application that breaches the aforementioned warranties, or one or all of your applications that breaches the aforementioned warranties will be removed from Weixin, which means terminating the applications using service of the Open Platform;
4. (4) prohibit you from accessing any of your new applications to the Weixin Open Platform in the future;
5. (5) investigate your legal liabilities;
6. (6) make your misconducts published to the public;
7. (7) other actions which Tencent deems as appropriate.

**2.8.5 If Tencent takes any actions or measures against you or your application in accordance with the above terms or other relevant provisions of the Agreement, or due to your violation of applicable laws, you shall be solely liable for any and all dissensions and disputes arising therefrom, and you shall be solely liable for any loss caused to you as well as to Tencent or others.**

##### 3\. Rights and Obligations of Tencent

**3.1 Tencent will provide you with corresponding services depending the type of service you choose. You understand and agree that, based on the comprehensive factors such as the user experience, operation safety of Weixin or its service platform, the rules and requirements of the platform and healthy development, Tencent is entitled to choose the targets to provide services or cooperate with, to decide whether to open a certain function, data interface and the objects and scope of relevant data disclosure, and to suspend or terminate these Services, as we deem appropriate, to developers or applications that fall into the following circumstances, including but not limited to:**

* (1) in violation of laws, regulations or the provisions of the Agreement;
* (2) affecting the user experience;
* (3) existing a security risk;
* (4) with functions or functional units that are similar or same with those existing with Weixin or its service platforms, or can achieve the same key effects as the aforementioned function or functional units;
* (5) with interface design, style, function, description or user experience similar to Weixin or its service platforms, which may cause the users to believe that the function or service being used is provided or authorized by Tencent;
* (6) failure to abide by the principle of fairness and reciprocity to cooperate with Tencent, including but not limited to the prohibition, obstruction, hindrance, misleading or influence on users' self-selection or normal use of Tencent products on your own products or platforms, other third-party products or platforms, Weixin Official Platform and other Tencent products or platforms;
* (7) in violation of the operational principles of Weixin or its service platforms, or inconsistent with management requirements of Tencent.

3.2 It is a fundamental principle of Tencent to protect your information, without your permission, Tencent will not disclose or provide your information to any company, organization or individual other than Tencent, except for the following circumstances:

* (1) the information may be provided according to the Agreement or other related agreements, rules;
* (2) the information may be provided in accordance with the laws and regulations;
* (3) it is required to be provided by administrative, judicial, or other government authorities;
* (4) you agree that Tencent offers to a third party
* (5) the submission of which is necessary for address the reported incidents or bringing a lawsuit.
* (6) materials necessary for taking actions to prevent serious illegal activities or suspected crimes.

3.3 Though Tencent has made great efforts to protect your information, it still cannot guarantee that under the current security technology measures, your information might still be revealed or stolen due to force majeure or other reasons unrelated to Tencent. In this case, you hereby agree that you will not hold Tencent liable for any loss incurred therefrom.

3.4 Tencent is entitled to develop or operate the applications similar or competing with those of yours. Meanwhile, Tencent does not guarantee that other applications provided by other developers that compete with your applications will not appear on the Weixin Open Platform.

3.5 Tencent is entitled to, in such pages including but not limited to the application introduction page or installation page, explain to users that it is you who develop the application and provide the customer service.

3.6 Tencent may assign part or whole of its rights and obligations under the Agreement to others. If you do not agree to Tencent’s assignment, you are entitled to discontinue the use of the Services. Otherwise, it shall be deemed as your acceptance of such assignment.

3.7 Except as otherwise agreed, Tencent need not to pay any expenses to you in accordance with the rights and interests hereunder.

3.8 You understand and agree that for the purpose of promoting your application to more internet users, Tencent is entitled to take the following actions without your consent.  
(1) to advertise or promote the Official Account Services on websites or platforms other than the Weixin Open Platform in various forms;  
(2) Tencent can, according to its overall operating arrangement, independently choose to introduce your Official Account Third-Party Platform to part or whole of the Internet users worldwide;  
(3) we are entitled to use the LOGO, marks, titles, images and other relevant materials of your application for the purpose of the Agreement.

##### 4\. About Liability Exemption

**4.1 You understand and agree that in light of the particularity of network services, Tencent is entitled to, without any prior notification to you, change, suspend or terminate part or whole of the services at any time in accordance with the overall operation of the Weixin Open Platform or related operational specifications and rules. You agree to exempt Tencent from the responsibilities for any losses as a result.**

**4.2 You understand and agree that in order to provide you with better services, Tencent is entitled to repair, maintain and upgrade the platform that provides the Services or relevant equipment on a regular or irregular basis, which may cause intermittence or suspension of relevant services within a reasonable time limit. You agree to exempt Tencent from any liabilities for any losses arising therefrom.**

**4.3 You understand and agree that Tencent’s service is provided based on the current technologies and conditions. Tencent will try the best to serve you and ensure the continuity and security of services. Nevertheless, Tencent cannot ensure that such service is perfect without flaws, and cannot timely predict or prevent risks of laws, technologies and other risks, including but not limited to force majeure, viruses, Trojan, hacker attack, system instability, flaws of Third-party Platforms, acts of government causing the interruption of service ,data loss and other damages and risks. Thus, you also agree that even if the service provided by Tencent may exist certain flaws which are inevitable by current level of industrial technologies, such flaws will not be deemed as Tencent’s breach of contract, and you agree not to investigate for Tencent’s responsibility for any loss of data or information caused by such flaws.**

**4.4 You understand and agree that in the course of using the Services, you may encounter certain risk factors such as force majeure, which will interrupt the Services. A force majeure event refers to objective situations that are unforeseeable, unavoidable and unsurmountable and pose significant impacts on one party or both parties, which includes, without limitation, natural disasters such as floods, earthquake, plague epidemics and storms, and social events such as war, unrest, government actions. In the event of any of the abovementioned circumstances, Tencent will strive to cooperate with relevant authorities immediately, and to repair in a timely manner, and you agree to exempt Tencent from the responsibilities for any losses caused by such events.**

**4.5 You understand and agree that you will exempt Tencent from any liabilities for any losses caused by the interruption or blockade of the Services arising from the following situations:  
(1) damaged by hacking, viruses, worms, Trojan horses, corrupted files or other malicious code or items;  
(2) in the case of a breakdown of our or your own computer software, information system, hardware, and/or electronic communications;  
(3) where you operate inappropriately;  
(4) you use this service through non-Tencent authorized methods;  
(5) other circumstances Tencent is unlikely to foresee or control.  
**

##### 5\. Suspension or Termination of the Services

5.1 If you notify Tencent in writing not to accept the Agreement or the modification of it, Tencent is entitled to stop or terminate the Services to you at any time.

5.2 Tencent is entitled to terminate the Agreement at any time if you cannot use the Services any more or Tencent cannot provide the Services due to a force majeure event.

5.3 Upon the occurrence or fulfillment of any other conditions on the suspension or termination of the Agreement, Tencent is entitled to suspend or terminate the Services to you at any time.

5.4 After Tencent terminates the Services to you according to the Agreement for your breach of the Agreement, in the event that you continue to use the Services directly or indirectly, or register to use the Services in the name of another person, Tencent is entitled to unilaterally suspend or terminate the Services directly.

**5.5 If the Agreement or the Services terminate for any reason, Tencent is entitled to keep or delete any data in your Account or any information stored in the Tencent server arising from your use of the Services, including your uncompleted data before the termination of such Services.**

**5.6 If the Agreement or the Services are terminated for any reason, you shall back up the data-related information by yourself and deal with relevant matters between you and your users independently, and you shall compensate for any losses suffered by Tencent.**

**5.7 To ensure the effectiveness of the platform’s management measures, and to avoid bypassing, circumventing or countering the management of the platform by registering different accounts, setting up or using different entities for registration, etc., in the circumstances that the same entity, or its affiliate(s) (including but not limited to parent-subsidiary relationship, head-branch relationship, direct or indirect controlling relationship, including direct or indirect controlling relationship between the actual controller, directors, supervisors, senior management of the entity and the affiliate and vice versa, VIE structure controlled by agreement, or existence of other affiliated relationship confirmed or concluded by the disclosure of securities market, official propaganda, etc.) violates, separately or collectively multiple times, the applicable laws, regulations, rules or relevant agreements in connection with the Services, Tencent, at its discretion, is entitled not to provide appeal channels and has the right to terminate or reject any provision of the Services to such entity(s).**

##### 6\. Notices

6.1 Tencent may send you all the rules, notifications, reminders and other information regarding the Services by one or more of the following ways, which include, without limitation, webpage announcements, webpage prompts, emails, cellphone messages, regular mail delivery, and internal letters of the management system of the official account which you registered for the Services. Once such information is published or sent by Tencent in any of the aforementioned ways, it shall be deemed that you have accepted and agreed to it, and it will be binding on you. If you do not accept it, please notify Tencent in writing, otherwise, it will be deemed that you have accepted and agreed.

6.2 If any of the email address, mobile phone number, mailing address and other contact information you provided is incorrect, resulting in your failure to receive relevant rules, notice, reminder and other information, you agree that it shall be deemed as if you have received the information and are bound by it, and you shall be liable for any and all results and responsibilities arising therefrom.

6.3 You agree that Tencent or its cooperative partners may send to your email or cellphone other information that might be unrelated to the Services, including but not limited to commercial advertisements.

6.4 If you need to inform Tencent of any matter, you shall issue Tencent a written notice via the means specified in the Agreement.

##### 7\. Intellectual Property Rights

7.1 In your use of the Services, all the intellectual property rights of the content we offer (including but not limited to any webpages, text, pictures, audio, video and charts) belong to Tencent, except those belonging to others according to law. Unless as otherwise specifically stated, intellectual property rights of the software used by us for providing the Services such as copyright and patent rights belong to Tencent. All the copyrights and trademarks of the distinctive brand features (for example, “QQ”, “腾讯”, “TENCENT”, or the penguin icon) we use in providing the Services belong to Tencent. The foregoing and any other intellectual property rights are legally protected. You have no right to use or create derivative works from them without Tencent’s written consent.

7.2 You are only entitled to legally use the Services or relevant APIs in accordance with the Agreement. All the rights of the APIs relevant with the Services, such as copyrights and patents, shall belong to Tencent. Without the written approval from Tencent, you shall not use such rights in violation of laws or in breach of the Agreement, and shall not sell, transfer, authorize Tencent’s codes, APIs and development tools to any other entities or individuals.

##### 8\. Others

8.1 The content of the Agreement includes the [Tencent service agreement](http://www.qq.com/contract.shtml), the [QQ Number Rules](http://zc.qq.com/chs/agreement1_chs.html), the agreements or rules in the attachments of the Agreement and relevant agreements and rules in relation to the Services which Tencent may issue from time to time. Once the abovementioned content is officially issued, it shall be an integral part of the Agreement, and you shall abide by them as well. In the event of any conflicts, the Agreement shall prevail. The registration or use of any of the services under the Agreement shall be deemed as if have read and agree to be bound by the Agreement and the aforementioned content. Tencent is entitled to unilaterally modify the Agreement or the foresaid content if necessary. If you continue to use the Services after such modification, it shall be deemed as your acceptance of the modification. If you do not accept such modification, you shall stop using relevant services.

**8.2 This Agreement is signed in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province of the People's Republic of China.**

**8.3 The establishment, entry into force, performance, interpretation and dispute settlement of the Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Mainland of the People’s Republic of China (excluding rules of conflicts of law).**

**8.4 If there is any dissension or dispute between you and Tencent, it shall be settled amicably through negotiations. If the negotiation fails, both parties agree to submit the dissension or dispute to the people’s court with jurisdiction at the signing place of this Agreement.**

**8.5 The headings of all terms of the Agreement are for reference only and with no actual meaning, which cannot be the basis for the interpretation of the Agreement. (End of text)**

Tencent