Privacy Policy

Last modified: April 1, 2015

Thanks for visiting our site. Without your trust, we would have to just go back to tracking our own shipments. That would make us sad. So, this page explains how you can expect us to treat the information that you choose share with us, and what we collect when you track packages on our site.

We automatically collect some technical information from your computer when you visit our site. This information is provided by your browser and may include your IP address, OS, browser details, and referring site. To provide you with tracking information, we query shippers with any tracking number you provide us. However, we do not submit any of your personally identifiable information to any carrier, or other third party. We respect the confidentiality of this information and use it exclusively for internal business purposes, such as administration, security, analysis, and site development. We also aggregate this information, so that we can better understand our site and develop our business. In aggregation, usage data is anonymized, and does not allow any detail to be tied to any individual user. For instance, we love to brag that we tracked more than 3 million packages last year. that makes our heads spin!

We provide online customer satisfaction surveys on behalf of our customers. In addition to the information we collect through our online survey, we may request additional personal information, which may be shared with the customer for whom we provide the survey. Such information might include the survey participant’s name, telephone number, and email address. Your disclosure of personal information in our surveys is always optional, but is intended to allow our customers to follow-up with you in the case of problems with their service.

We use the information collected from the online surveys to compile reports on customer satisfaction for our customers. Due to the sensitive nature of research data, any information that is collected is treated with the utmost confidentiality. We will not sell any personal information gathered from individual respondents. All information gathered through our online survey tool will be the property of Packagetrackr LLC, and may be licensed to customers, in an anonymous form.

We compile data collected from its online surveys to produce benchmark reports for our customers as well as media and other interested parties. Such information is based on aggregated, anonymous information and does not include any personally identifiable information about Packagetrackr users.

We do use cookies to make the site work harder for you, by remembering your preferences and session details. You may choose to reject these cookies, however, in doing so, you will reduce the functionality of the site. Additionally, Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google uses the DoubleClick DART cookie to serve ads to your users based on their visit to this and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

If you have questions about our privacy policy, please email us at privacy\[at\]packagetrackr.com