Starlink Terms of Service
=========================

Starlink Internet Services Limited (Floor 3, Block 3, Miesian Plaza, Dublin 2, D02 Y754, Ireland) (known as “Starlink” in these Terms) offers two-way satellite-based internet service (“Services”) and a Starlink antenna, Wi-Fi router and mount (“Starlink Kit” or “Kit”) to you, the customer, subject to these Starlink consumer service terms for Ireland (“Terms”). These Terms, those terms incorporated by reference (including the [Starlink Specifications](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1470-99699-90), and the details you agree to in your order (“Order”) form the entire agreement (“Agreement”) between you (“customer” or “user”) and Starlink.

1.  #### Service Commitments.
    
    1.  **Applicability**. This Section 1 applies to your Order and Services if you selected a service commitment at checkout at starlink.com or through an authorized retail channel, or have otherwise selected a service commitment. In the event this Section 1 applies to your Order, and conflicts with other terms in this Agreement, Section 1 controls.
        
    2.  **Service Commitment**. By selecting a service commitment and completing your Order, **you agree to continuously subscribe to the Services specified in your Order for a minimum of 12-months (“Service Commitment”). The 12-month period begins at the Payment Due Date and ends 12-months after (“Commitment Period”).**
        
    3.  **Change Fee. During the Commitment Period, if you take any action to change the Services specified in the Order, a 349 EUR change fee will be immediately applied to your current payment method (“Change Fee”).** Your actions that change the Services include but are not limited to cancelling a service plan, changing to a different service plan, changing your service address, and transferring the Services or Kit to another person. The Change Fee will also be applied if, during the Commitment Period, you fail to pay any fee for Services by the due date specified on the invoice, or Starlink terminates this Agreement for a breach of your obligations under this Agreement. The Change Fee will be reduced by an equal amount each month over the Commitment Period. For example, the Change Fee in any given month is equal to the Change Fee multiplied by the number of months remaining in Commitment Period divided by 12.
        
    4.  **Kit Return and Full Refund**. If you exercise your right to return the Kit during the initial trial period specified in Section 6.3, or any applicable statutory right of withdrawal, a Change Fee will not be applied.
        
    5.  **Conclusion of Service Commitment**. At the conclusion of the Commitment Period, or your payment of the Change Fee, Section 1 will no longer apply to the Order. For clarity, the remainder of this Agreement will continue to apply for the duration of your Services.
        
    6.  **Recourse**. Starlink reserves all legal rights and remedies to pursue monies owed because of your breach of your Service Commitment. This may include the referral of your account to a collection agency or the filing of a report with a credit reporting agency, consistent with applicable law.
        
    7.  **Modified Terms**. In the extent you are provided a statutory right of termination, for example, due to a modification to this Agreement, you will not be charged the Change Fee. However, Starlink is entitled to require that you return a Starlink Kit you received free of charge or at a reduced price. If you do not return such a Kit in these circumstances, Starlink may charge your payment method for the 349 EUR price of the kit, subject to the proration methodology described in Section 1.3.
        
2.  #### Deposit.
    
    1.  **Applicability**. If Starlink Services are currently unavailable in your region and you are placing a deposit payment rather than completing the Order for Services, then Section 2 applies to you.
        
    2.  **Deposit Payment**. Your deposit payment (“Deposit Payment”) grants you priority within your region for securing Starlink Services when available. Your Deposit Payment is inclusive of any sales and use or other taxes, including VAT. Starlink will apply your Deposit Payment to the amount due on the Starlink Kit if and when the Starlink Kit and Services become available.
        
    3.  **Refundable Deposit. Prior to Starlink shipping your Kit, your Deposit Payment is fully refundable and can be requested at any time via your Starlink account**. If you seek and obtain a refund, you will forfeit your priority position.
        
    4.  **Availability; Limitations**. Placing a Deposit Payment does not obligate Starlink to provide you with the Starlink Kit and Services and does not guarantee that the Starlink Kit and Services will be available to you. Prices for the Services and Kits presented at the time you place your Deposit Payment are subject to change to the prices in effect at the time of Order, including any applicable taxes, duties, delivery charges, and any other applicable fees. Enrollment limits may apply based on network availability. Starlink Kit designs and Services are subject to change based on technological innovation. Starlink will not hold your Deposit Payment separately, for example in an escrow account or trust fund, or pay any interest on your Deposit Payment. The Service availability dates are estimates only and subject to change. Services and Kit delivery is dependent on many factors, including various regulatory approvals.
        
3.  #### Agreement to Purchase or Rent the Starlink Kit and Services.
    
    1.  **No Resale or Unauthorized Agency**. You may not resell access to the Services to others as a stand-alone, integrated or value-added service under this Agreement (whether acting as an agent, introducer or in any other capacity), unless authorized by Starlink. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you purchase a Priority Plan (as described in the [Service Plan Descriptions](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79), you may resell access to the Services as community Wi-Fi or a “hotspot” to third-parties, such as to hotel guests or boat passengers. In addition, you may not purchase an excessive number of any item available for purchase in the Starlink shop (“Accessories”), as determined by Starlink in its sole discretion. See additional limitations in Section 10 of this Agreement. A violation of this Section may result in Service termination.
        
    2.  **Payments for Purchasing a Starlink Kit and Title Transfer**. For customers purchasing a Starlink Kit, you authorize Starlink to charge your approved payment method for a one-time purchase price on the balance of your Starlink Kit and any accessories, including applicable shipping, handling and taxes, as is described in the online Order. Starlink will transfer title to the Starlink Kit and any accessories to you at the time of delivery.
        
    3.  **Payments for Renting a Starlink Kit**. For customers renting a Starlink Kit, you authorize Starlink to charge your approved payment method for the following—
        
        a) **Activation Fee**. A one-time immediate activation fee due when the Order is placed;
        
        b) **Monthly Rental Fee**. The first charge for the Services selected in your Order will be on the earlier of (i) the date you activate the Starlink Kit; (ii) 7 days after Starlink delivers your Starlink Kit, or (iii) if no delivery date is available, 30 days from the date your Starlink Kit was shipped (“Payment Due Date”). Starlink will automatically charge your approved payment method for the second and all subsequent monthly rental fees on the anniversary of the Payment Due Date; and
        
        c) **Retail Penalty, _if applicable_**. A retail fee penalty for the Starlink Kit if you fail to return the Kit to Starlink undamaged, untampered and unmodified, within 30 days of cancelling your Service, as described in Section 6.4.
        
        Rental Kit provided to you may be new or refurbished at Starlink’s sole discretion. Rented Starlink Kit will remain the property of Starlink and title will not transfer to you. Starlink Kits may only be rented with the Residential Service Plans for residential use as described in the [Service Plan Descriptions](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79); however, at Starlink’s sole discretion, rental Kits may be made available for Priority and Roam Service Plans. The option to rent a Starlink Kit is not available in all locations.
        
    4.  **Payments for Monthly Service Subscription**. You authorize Starlink to charge your approved payment method for –
        
        a) **Monthly Service Fee**. The first charge for the Services selected in your Order will be on the earlier of (i) the date you activate the Starlink Kit; (ii) 7 days after Starlink delivers your Starlink Kit, or (iii) if no delivery date is available, 30 days from the date your Starlink Kit was shipped (“Payment Due Date”). Even if you do not use Services in a given month (unless your [Service Plan](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79) is eligible to be paused), the monthly Service fee is due each month. Starlink will automatically charge your approved payment method for the second and all subsequent monthly service fees on the anniversary of the Payment Due Date;
        
        b) **Priority Plan Top-Up Data**. For Priority Plans, charges for Top-Up Data (as defined in the [Service Plan Descriptions](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79))) will be reflected on the invoice for the following monthly billing cycle, as further described in [Service Plan Descriptions](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79). Starlink will automatically charge your approved payment method for any Top-Up Data on the Payment Due Date for the following monthly billing cycle; and
        
        c) **Monthly Kit Access Fee**. For Priority Plans only, you will be charged a fee to access the Starlink network (“Monthly Kit Access Fee”) as described in the Order.
        
    5.  **Payment Method**. You authorize Starlink to charge an approved payment method, including bank-to-bank payments, credit or debit cards (where available) for all charges made under the Agreement, including applicable taxes. Use of a credit or debit card is subject to the terms and conditions in your card member agreement, including fees that may be charged by the issuer. If there is a change to your bank or card account information, including expiration date, you must update your payment information in the Starlink Customer Portal to avoid suspension or termination of Services and to enable Starlink to process refunds. Starlink may also update your payment method data with information provided by the payment service providers. You authorize us to continue to charge your payment method following any update to your information.
        
    6.  **Shipping & Handling**. Shipping and handling charges will apply, will be displayed in your Order and are non-refundable Please consult your Starlink account for an estimate of delivery times. Deliveries may require signature. Starlink will use the carrier of its choice.
        
    7.  **Taxes, Fees, Surcharges**. In addition to charges for the Services, the Starlink Kit, and any accessories you buy, we may collect or request reimbursement for taxes and other fees and surcharges required by law, including, without limitation, value added, goods and services, consumption, sales, use, gross receipts, excise, and access. In accordance with applicable law, you are also responsible for any additional government fees, rights of way charges, license or permit fees, and any other duties, charges or surcharges imposed on the sale or use of the Services or Starlink Kit.
        
    8.  **Bills, Payment Disputes & Suspended Services**. Bills are provided to customers on a monthly basis only through the Starlink Customer Portal. Disputes on your Starlink bill should be handled via your account in the Starlink Customer Portal. In the event of a billing dispute, you must timely pay all undisputed amounts. If the payment dispute is resolved against you, or if you simply fail to pay for Services on time, you must pay the amounts due or your Services will be suspended until the overdue amounts are paid.
        
    9.  **Software Updates and License Terms**. Software copies and updates installed on the Starlink Kit are not sold, only licensed to you personally (on a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited and revocable basis), for use as installed on the Starlink Kit and subject to [Software License and Usage Terms](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1003-77580-67), and restrictions that Starlink posts on the Starlink Customer Portal. Starlink reserves all intellectual property rights and other rights and interests in the Starlink Kit, the Services, and the software, and grants no license, except as expressly granted in this Agreement.
        
    10.  **Outside Region Fee**. A Starlink Kit activated outside of the region it was originally purchased may be subject to an "Outside Region Fee." Due to foreign exchange volatility and local taxes, the amount of the Outside Region Fee may be subject to slight variation. Additional details can be found in the Starlink FAQs, including a map showing countries by region.
         
    11.  **Discounts**. Starlink may offer you discounts at the time of sale, including on your monthly Service fee. You must maintain your eligibility for these discounts. In the event that you fail to maintain your eligibility, Starlink may remove the discount.
         
4.  #### Starlink Kit Installation.
    
    1.  **Kit Install Guidelines.** You are responsible for the installation of the Starlink Kit in a location that has a clear field of view of the sky, per the Starlink App and the Install Guide available in the Starlink Customer Portal. You shall not modify the Starlink Kit in a manner (including cosmetic/paint changes) that contradicts the Install Guide or would otherwise alter the transmission characteristics of the equipment, including placing the antenna under a cover/radome, unless approved by Starlink. At Starlink’s sole discretion, if we determine that your installation or modification of a Starlink Kit has resulted in a material degradation of the Service or equipment, the equipment Limited Warranty may be voided. Should use of the Services require any construction or alteration to your property, Starlink is not obliged to reimburse any expenses or restore your property to the same physical state as prior to delivery of Services. If you require a permanent roof or vehicle mount installation, you acknowledge the potential risks associated with this type of installation, including, without limitation, with respect to any warranty that applies to your roof, vehicle, vessel for penetration of the membrane. Follow the Install Guide. **If you cannot safely install the Starlink Kit, do not install it and seek professional assistance**.
        
    2.  **Kit Install Authorizations**. It is your responsibility to ensure compliance with all applicable building codes, zoning, ordinances, business district or association rules, covenants, conditions, restrictions, lease obligations and landlord/owner approvals and requirements for the installation of the Starlink Kit, to pay any associated fees or other charges, and to obtain any permits and other authorizations necessary for the Services and the installation of the Starlink Kit.
        
    3.  **IN-MOTION USE PROHIBITED FOR UNDESIGNATED KITS, COUNTRIES AND USES**. YOU ARE PROHIBITED FROM INSTALLING OR USING A KIT ON A MOVING VEHICLE OR VESSEL UNLESS STARLINK HAS DESIGNATED YOUR SPECIFIC KIT MODEL AND/OR MOUNT FOR IN-MOTION USE AND HAS OBTAINED ALL REQUIRED IN-MOTION APPROVALS IN THE COUNTRY OF USE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, USE OR INSTALLATION OF A KIT ON AN AIRCRAFT OF ANY KIND IS PROHIBITED IN ALL CASES WITHOUT STARLINK’S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT (WHICH WOULD INCLUDE SIGNING NEW OR ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS WITH STARLINK). SERVICES IN-MOTION ON AN AIRCRAFT, VEHICLE OR VESSEL (e.g., CARS, VANS, RVs, BOATS) VIA AN UNAUTHORIZED KIT OR COUNTRY IS PROHIBITED, WILL VOID THE LIMITED WARRANTY OF YOUR KIT, AND MAY BE GROUNDS FOR TERMINATION OF YOUR AGREEMENT WITH STARLINK PER SECTION 6.6 OF THESE TERMS. Visit [Starlink FAQs](https://starlink.com/support/article/50e933eb-54f5-1a77-cc85-c6c8325564cf) for a description of the Starlink Kit models designated for in-motion use.
        
    4.  **Kit Installation on Moving Vehicles**. For Kits and mounts designated for in-motion use, you agree and are responsible for taking proper precautions for ensuring that the equipment mount is installed on a structurally sound, horizontal surface. You acknowledge that equipment falling into the road or off a vessel due to poor installation practices can cause serious accidents resulting in bodily injury. You shall not mount a Starlink Kit on any vehicle or vessel if it is not stable, or if it cannot be properly secured as described in the Install Guide and used with the proper mount designed for in-motion use.
        
5.  #### Service Plans.
    
    For a description of your Service Plan, please review the [Service Plan Descriptions](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79). The Service Plan Descriptions are incorporated herein by reference and form a part of this Agreement.
    
6.  #### Changes, Cancellation, Returns, Transfers and Termination.
    
    1.  **Changes by Starlink**. Starlink may change or discontinue [Service Plans](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79), prices, these Terms, Kit versions, and the [Starlink Specifications](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1470-99699-90) from time to time. Starlink will provide you with notice at least 30 days before materially adverse changes come into effect. Starlink will provide you with an email notice summarizing the changes and your right to cancel this Agreement. Subject to your options and conditions under Sections 6.2 (Service Cancellation and Right of Withdrawal), 5.3 (Kit Return and Full Refund) and 5.4 (Rented Kit Returns and Fees), by continuing to use the Services, you agree to any changes.
        
    2.  **Service Cancellation and Right of Withdrawal**. Subject to any applicable Service Commitment and Change Fee, you can stop the recurring monthly payment, cancel Services and withdraw at any time via your Starlink account located within the Starlink Customer Portal. To avoid being billed for the following month of Services you must cancel Services prior to your invoice statement being generated. If you have rented a Starlink Kit, you must return your Starlink Kit in good condition within 30 days of Service cancellation or you will be charged the full retail price of the Kit. You are not entitled to any refunds, except as set forth under Sections 2.3 (Refundable Deposit) and 6.3 (Kit Return and Full Refund).
        
    3.  **Rented Kit Returns and Fees**. If you have rented a Starlink Kit, you must return your equipment in an undamaged, untampered and unmodified condition (except normal wear and tear, determined by Starlink) within 30 days of Service cancellation or you will be charged the full retail price of the Kit as described in the online Order. You will be directly responsible for loss, repair, replacement and other costs, damages, fees and charges if you do not return the Starlink Kit to us in good condition. Starlink will issue you a return shipping label to allow you to return the Kit. Follow instructions in Starlink’s Return Policy for returning rented Kits in the Starlink Customer Portal. **Starlink Kits may only be rented for the Residential Service Plans; however, at Starlink’s sole discretion, renting Kits may be made available for Priority or Roam Service Plans as described in the [Service Plan Descriptions](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79)**.
        
    4.  **Transferring Services and Kits**. Customers who have purchased their Starlink Kits may have the option to transfer or assign your Services to another responsible party if the account is paid-in-full, in good standing, and there is network capacity under the requested \[Service Plan\] /legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79). Transferred Services are not available to customers who have rented a Starlink Kit. Transferring Services is not available until the earlier of (i) 120 days after you purchased your Starlink Kit, or (ii) 90 days after you activated your Starlink Kit. Please visit [https://support.starlink.com/](https://support.starlink.com/) or starlink.com/activate to learn more about activating Services after a Kit has been transferred or sold to a third-party.
        
    5.  **Termination by Starlink**. Starlink may, at any time, without prior notice, immediately terminate or suspend all or a portion of your account and/or access to the Services for: (a) a violation of these Terms, including the Starlink [Acceptable Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1001-59234-61); (b) a request and/or order from law enforcement, a judicial body, or other government agency; (c) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, including but not limited to a material malfunction of the Starlink network, software or hardware; (d) a failure to obtain or maintain the necessary governmental authorizations required to bring Services; (e) your participation in fraudulent or illegal activities; (f) your withdrawal of consent to allow Starlink to use your personal data to comply with applicable laws as described in the [Starlink Privacy Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1000-41799-67); (g) your failure to pay any fees owed for Services if you have not cured such non-payment within 24 days; or (h) its convenience after proper notice.
        
7.  #### Limited Warranty, Disclaimers, Remedies, and Liabilities.
    
    1.  **Limited Warranty**. The Starlink Kit and Services are subject to the following [Limited Warranty](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1133-73441-63) and applicable law.
        
    2.  **DISCLAIMERS**. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 7.1 (LIMITED WARRANTY), TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, STARLINK PROVIDES THE STARLINK KIT AND SERVICES “AS IS,” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS WARRANTY, CONDITION OR REPRESENTATION. STARLINK DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
        
    3.  **LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY**. STARLINK WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE, INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS PROFITS, LOST REVENUE, WORK STOPPAGE, LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE, DATA SECURITY BREACH, MALFUNCTION OR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE KIT INSTALLATION, REPAIR, REMOVAL, OR OTHER ASSOCIATED SERVICES. STARLINK’S LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS FOR ANY INDIVIDUAL CLAIM OR ALL CLAIMS IN THE AGGREGATE WILL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO STARLINK UNDER THESE TERMS OVER THE SIX MONTHS PRECEDING THE CLAIM GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY TO ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE AGREEMENT, SERVICES OR STARLINK KIT, INCLUDING ANY EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER STARLINK WAS INFORMED OR WAS AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER CLAIMS ARE ASSERTED BASED ON CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE CLAIM OR THEORY PROVIDED, EXCEPT IF AND TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY LIMITATION VIOLATES APPLICABLE MANDATORY LAW THAT THE PARTIES CANNOT DEROGATE FROM BY WAY OF CONTRACT.
        
    4.  **ASSUMPTION OF RISK**. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND THE STARLINK KIT, AND SUCH USE BY ANYONE USING YOUR ACCOUNT, IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. SERVICES ARE NOT SUITED OR INTENDED AS A MISSION-CRITICAL OR SAFETY-OF-LIFE SERVICE.
        
8.  #### Compliance.
    
    1.  **General**. Customer agrees to comply with all laws and regulations applicable or related to the performance of obligations under this Agreement.
        
    2.  **Privacy**. Starlink processes personal information as described in its [Starlink Privacy Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1000-41799-67), as amended from time to time.
        
    3.  **Acceptable Use Policy**. You agree not to use, or permit others to use, the Services in ways that (a) violate any applicable law or applicable regulation, (b) violate the Starlink [Acceptable Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1001-59234-61), or other policies available on the Starlink Customer Portal, (c) infringe the rights of others, or (d) interfere with the users, Services, or Starlink Kit of the Starlink network or other networks. You are responsible for complying with the terms for any third-party services (e.g., video streaming or gaming apps) that you subscribe to using Starlink Services.
        
    4.  **International Trade Laws**. You must comply with all applicable export control, economic sanctions, customs/import, anti-money laundering, and anti-corruption laws and regulations (collectively, “International Trade Laws”). You acknowledge that you are only authorized to access Services at the location identified on your Order or otherwise authorized by Starlink, and you will not divert the Starlink Kit or Services to any other locations, or to users or for uses that are prohibited under International Trade Laws.
        
    5.  **Modifications to Starlink Products & Export Controls**. Starlink Kits and Services are commercial communication products. Off-the-shelf, Starlink can provide communication capabilities to a variety of end-users, such as consumers, schools, businesses and other commercial entities, hospitals, humanitarian organizations, non-governmental and governmental organizations in support of critical infrastructure and other services, including during times of crisis. However, Starlink is not designed or intended for use with or in offensive or defensive weaponry or other comparable end-uses. Custom modifications of the Starlink Kits or Services for military end-uses or military end-users may transform the items into products controlled under U.S. export control laws, specifically the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 C.F.R. §§ 120-130) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) (15 C.F.R. §§ 730-774) requiring authorizations from the United States government for the export, support, or use outside the United States. Starlink aftersales support to customers is limited exclusively to standard commercial service support. At its sole discretion, Starlink may refuse to provide technical support to any modified Starlink products and is grounds for termination of this Agreement.
        
    6.  **Security Measures**. You acknowledge that Starlink administers and enforces cybersecurity policies and procedures to identify and respond to incidents involving Starlink data, mitigate the effects of any such incidents, document their outcomes, and notify appropriate stakeholders (including authorities and affected data subjects, as appropriate).
        
9.  #### Indemnification.
    
    You agree to compensate and hold harmless Starlink against all claims, liability, damages, costs, and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to these Terms, any and all uses of your account, and your use of the Services This includes, without limitation: (a) responsibility for all such consequences resulting from actions by you or any user of your account in violation of these Terms, the [Acceptable Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1001-59234-61), or any law or regulation; (b) negligent, reckless or intentionally wrongful act by you or any user of your account; and (c) any breach by you of any of the covenants contained in these Terms.
    
10.  #### No Unauthorized Transfers; Assignments, or Acts of Agency.
     
     1.  **Transfers and Assignments**. You may not assign, sell, or transfer this Agreement, software installed on the Starlink Kit, or access to Services without Starlink’s consent as described under Section 6.5. Unauthorized transfers or assignments will be null and void. Starlink may terminate this Agreement for cause if you attempt to transfer Services or this Agreement. If your Starlink Kit is stolen, destroyed or otherwise removed from your premises without your authorization, you must provide notice via the Starlink Customer Portal immediately, or else you may be liable for payment for unauthorized use of the Services. You are liable for any charges or fees incurred by the use of the Services and Starlink Kit by anyone else. You agree that Starlink can assign its rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, to any individual or entity we choose, at any time. Once notified of the assignment you may terminate this Agreement according to Section 6.2, otherwise you will be deemed to have accepted the assignment. Services may be provided by one or more legally authorized Starlink affiliates.
         
     2.  **Acts of Agency**. You must create a Starlink account and enter into this Agreement for the Services in your own name. You cannot use an agent or any other representatives to purchase the Services or deal with Starlink, except where an agent or representative is (a) a household or family member, or personal caregiver, of the account holder, (b) an employee, director or officer of the account holder; or (c) any other person expressly approved by Starlink. You warrant that you have not purchased Starlink via a commercial third-party, are not acquiring the Service as part of bundled service offering provided by a commercial third-party, and have not and will not make payment to any commercial third-party in connection with the Services, except where expressly authorized by Starlink. A list of Authorized Starlink Resellers can be found in the FAQs at [https://support.starlink.com/](https://support.starlink.com/). Starlink reserves the right to seek information from you confirming these affirmations. Failure to follow the terms of this Section is a breach of this Agreement that may result in the termination of the Agreement for non-compliance.
         
11.  #### Governing Law and Disputes.
     
     For Services provided to, on, or in orbit around the planet Earth or the Moon, this Agreement and any disputes between us arising out of or related to this Agreement (“Disputes”) will be governed by and construed in accordance with Irish Law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Dublin, Ireland. You may also make use of the dispute resolution procedure in front of the [Commission for Communications Regulation](https://www.comreg.ie/) (“ComReg”). Please see our [Complaints Code of Practice](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1038-70609-70) for further information on the ComReg complaint and dispute resolution process. For Services provided on Mars, or in transit to Mars via Starship or other spacecraft, the parties recognize Mars as a free planet and that no Earth-based government has authority or sovereignty over Martian activities. Accordingly, Disputes will be settled through self-governing principles, established in good faith, at the time of Martian settlement.
     
12.  #### General Provisions.
     
     1.  **Customer Support**. Customer support is available for the Services and the Kit on the Starlink Customer Portal and [https://support.starlink.com/](https://support.starlink.com/). You acknowledge and agree that Customer support provided over the phone may be recorded for training and quality purposes.
         
     2.  **Severability**. If any term of this Agreement is to any extent invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, such term shall be excluded to the extent of such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability; all other terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect.
         
     3.  **Eligibility**. You must be at least 18 years old (or the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence) to enroll in Services.
         
     4.  **Records**. You should keep copies of these Terms and any sales receipt or other materials relevant to your purchase of the Starlink Kit and Services for your records. Starlink reserves the right to substitute, change, cancel, or add to any part of these Terms at any time upon notice to you and your continued use of the Services constitutes agreement to the updated Terms. Starlink will notify you in writing 30 days prior to materially changing its Terms. Visit the Starlink Customer Portal for the most current Terms.
         
     5.  **Electronic Delivery Policy, Customer Consent, and Notices**. You consent to receive all agreements, updates, disclosures, policies, notices, and other information (collectively, “Notices”) provided by Starlink or its affiliates via paper and/or electronic delivery at Starlink’s sole discretion. Starlink may deliver or display Notices to you by email or pop-up window, or by posting a message on the Services or the Starlink Customer Portal. You may receive periodic texts, emails, or other communications from Starlink, such as notices regarding expiration of your account and changes to these Terms.
         
     6.  **No Waiver**. No waiver by Starlink of any breach of these Terms will be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach. No waiver by Starlink of any right under these Terms will be construed as a waiver of any other right. Starlink will not be required to give notice to enforce strict adherence of these Terms. A waiver must be provided in writing by an authorized representative of Starlink to be effective.

- - -

Starlink Maritime Terms of Service
==================================

Starlink (known as “Starlink” in these Terms) offers two-way satellite-based internet service (“Services”) and Starlink antenna, Wi-Fi router and mount (“Starlink Kit” or “Kit”) to you, the customer, subject to these Maritime Service Terms (“Terms”) for the country in which you use the Services. These Terms, those terms incorporated by reference, and the details you agree to in your order when you apply for Services (“Order”) form the entire agreement between you (“customer” or “user”) and Starlink (“Agreement”). Please click [here](https://starlink.com/legal) to identify the business entity providing the Services, as referenced in the Terms of Service applicable to your country.

1.  #### Purchasing Starlink Kit and Services.
    
    1.  **Services**. Starlink will provide the Services and Starlink Kit for use on a vessel or maritime facility in the jurisdiction registered in your Order (“Registered Vessel(s)”).
        
    2.  **No Resale and Permitted Use**. You may only provide access to the Services to your employees, passengers, and crew of your Registered Vessel so long as such use does not violate this Agreement. You shall not resell or provide access to the Services to anyone outside the Registered Vessel(s), use the Services for backhauling third-party data to provide other methods of networking connections, unless done with Starlink’s written consent (“Permitted Use”). In addition, you may not purchase an excessive number of any item available for purchase in the Starlink shop (“Accessories”), as determined by Starlink in its sole discretion. See additional limitations in Section 9 of this Agreement. A violation of this Section may result in Service termination.
        
    3.  **Payments for Purchasing a Starlink Kit and Title to Starlink Kit**. For customers purchasing a Starlink Kit, you authorize Starlink to charge your approved payment method for a one-time purchase price on the balance of your Starlink Kit and any accessories, including applicable shipping, handling and taxes, as is described in the online Order. Starlink will transfer title to the Starlink Kit and any optional accessories to you at the time of delivery.
        
    4.  **Agreement Duration**. There is no minimum contract term to obtain Services. You may cancel the Agreement and Services at any time according to Section 4.2. Starlink may terminate the Agreement according to Section 4.5
        
    5.  **Software Updates and License Terms**. Software copies and updates installed on the Starlink Kit are not sold, only licensed to you personally (on a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited and revocable basis), for use as installed on the Starlink Kit and subject to [Software License and Usage Terms](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1003-77580-67), and restrictions that Starlink posts on the Starlink Customer Portal. Starlink reserves all intellectual property rights and other rights and interests in the Starlink Kit, the Services, and the software, and grants no license, except as expressly granted in this Agreement.
        
    6.  **Payments and Monthly Service Subscription**. You authorize Starlink to charge your approved payment method for —
        
        a) **Monthly Service Fee**. The first charge for the Services selected in your Order will be on the earlier of (i) the date you activate the Starlink Kit; or (ii) 30 days after Starlink ships your Starlink Kit (“Payment Due Date”). Even if you do not use Services in a given month (unless your [Service Plan](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79) is eligible to be paused), the monthly Service fee is due each month. Starlink will automatically charge your approved payment method for the second and all subsequent monthly service fees on the anniversary of the Payment Due Date;
        
        b) **Priority Plan Top-Up Data**. For Priority Plans, charges for Top-Up Data (as defined in the [Service Plan Descriptions](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79))) will be reflected on the invoice for the following monthly billing cycle, as further described in [Service Plan Descriptions](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79). Starlink will automatically charge your approved payment method for any Top-Up Data on the Payment Due Date for the following monthly billing cycle; and
        
        c) **Monthly Kit Access Fee**. For Priority Plans only, you will be charged a fee to access the Starlink network (“Monthly Kit Access Fee”) as described in the Order.
        
    7.  **Payment Method**. You authorize Starlink to charge an approved payment method, including bank-to-bank payments, credit or debit cards (where available) for all charges made under the Agreement, including applicable taxes. Use of a credit or debit card is subject to the terms and conditions in your card member agreement, including fees that may be charged by the issuer. If there is a change to your bank or card account information, including expiration date, you must update your payment information in the Starlink Customer Portal to avoid suspension or termination of Services and to enable Starlink to process refunds. Starlink may also update your payment method data with information provided by the payment service providers. You authorize us to continue to charge your payment method following any update to your information.
        
    8.  **Shipping and Handling**. Shipping and handling charges will apply, will be displayed in your Order and are non-refundable unless otherwise provided by law. Please consult your Starlink account for an estimate of delivery times. Deliveries may require signature. Starlink will use the carrier of its choice.
        
    9.  **Taxes, Fees, Surcharges**. In addition to charges for the Services, the Starlink Kit, and any accessories you buy, we may collect or request reimbursement for taxes and other fees and surcharges required by law, including, without limitation, value added, goods and services, consumption, sales, use, gross receipts, excise, and access. You are also responsible for any additional government fees, rights of way charges, license or permit fees, and any other duties, charges or surcharges imposed on the sale or use of the Services or Starlink Kit.
        
    10.  **Bills, Payment Disputes & Suspended Services**. Bills are provided to customers on a monthly basis only through the Starlink Customer Portal. Disputes on your Starlink bill should be handled via your account in the Starlink Customer Portal. In the event of a billing dispute, you must timely pay all undisputed amounts. If the payment dispute is resolved against you, or if you simply fail to pay for Services on time, you must pay the amounts due or your Services will be suspended until the overdue amounts are paid.
         
    11.  **Outside Region Fee**. A Starlink Kit activated outside of the region it was originally purchased may be subject to an "Outside Region Fee." Due to foreign exchange volatility and local taxes, the amount of the Outside Region Fee may be subject to slight variation. Additional details can be found in the Starlink FAQs, including a map showing countries by region.
         
2.  #### Starlink Kit Installation.
    
    1.  **Kit Install Guidelines**. You are responsible for the installation of the Starlink Kit in a location on the Registered Vessel(s) that has a clear field of view of the sky per the Starlink App and the Install Guide available in the Starlink Customer Portal. You are also responsible installing the Starlink Kit securely so that equipment will not become dislodged due to vessel movement, weather or other external factors. You shall not modify the Starlink Kit in a manner (including cosmetic/paint changes) that contradicts the Install Guide or would otherwise alter the transmission characteristics of the equipment, including placing the antenna under a cover/radome, unless approved by Starlink. At Starlink’s sole discretion, if we determine that your installation or modification of a Starlink Kit has resulted in a material degradation of the Service or equipment, the equipment Limited Warranty may be voided. Should use of the Services require any construction or alteration to your property, Starlink is not obliged to reimburse any expenses or restore your property to the same physical state as prior to delivery of Services. If you require a permanent vessel mount installation, you acknowledge the potential risks associated with this type of installation, including, without limitation, with respect to any warranty that applies to your vessel or property for penetration of the membrane. Follow the Install Guide. If you cannot safely install the Starlink Kit, do not install it and seek professional assistance.
        
    2.  **Kit Install Authorization**. It is your responsibility to ensure compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, maritime safety codes, ordinances, port and harbor rules, conditions, restrictions, lease/charter obligations and vessel owner approvals and requirements for the installation of the Starlink Kit, to pay any associated fees or other charges, and to obtain any permits and other authorizations necessary for the Services and the installation of the Starlink Kit. Should installation of the Starlink Kit require any construction or alteration to the Registered Vessel(s) or other property, Starlink is not obliged to reimburse any expenses or restore property to the same physical state as prior to installation of the Starlink Kit or delivery of Services. If you require alterations to your Registered Vessel, including penetration of or drilling into your vessel, in order to install the Starlink Kit, you acknowledge the potential risks associated with this type of installation, including, without limitation, with respect to any warranty that applies to penetration of or alterations to your vessel. You agree and are responsible for taking proper precautions for ensuring that the equipment mount is installed on a structurally sound, horizontal surface. You acknowledge that equipment falling off a vessel due to poor installation practices can cause serious accidents resulting in bodily injury. You shall not mount a Starlink Kit on a vessel if it is not stable, or if it cannot be properly secured as described in the Install Guide and used with the proper mount designed for in-motion use.
        
    3.  **IN-MOTION USE PROHIBITED FOR UNDESIGNATED KITS, COUNTRIES AND USES**. YOU ARE PROHIBITED FROM INSTALLING OR USING A KIT ON A MOVING VEHICLE OR VESSEL UNLESS STARLINK HAS DESIGNATED YOUR SPECIFIC KIT MODEL AND/OR MOUNT FOR IN-MOTION USE AND HAS OBTAINED ALL REQUIRED IN-MOTION APPROVALS IN THE COUNTRY OF USE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, USE OR INSTALLATION OF A KIT ON AN AIRCRAFT OF ANY KIND IS PROHIBITED IN ALL CASES WITHOUT STARLINK’S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT (WHICH WOULD INCLUDE SIGNING NEW OR ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS WITH STARLINK). SERVICES IN-MOTION ON AN AIRCRAFT, VEHICLE OR VESSEL (e.g., CARS, VANS, RVs, BOATS) VIA AN UNAUTHORIZED KIT OR COUNTRY IS PROHIBITED, WILL VOID THE LIMITED WARRANTY OF YOUR KIT, AND MAY BE GROUNDS FOR TERMINATION OF YOUR AGREEMENT WITH STARLINK PER SECTION 4.5 OF THESE TERMS. Visit [Starlink FAQs](https://starlink.com/support/article/50e933eb-54f5-1a77-cc85-c6c8325564cf) for a description of the Starlink Kit models designated for in-motion use.
        
3.  #### Service Plan.
    
    For a description of your Priority Service Plan, please review the [Service Plan Descriptions](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79). The Service Plan Descriptions are incorporated herein by reference and form a part of this Agreement.
    
4.  #### Changes, Cancellation, Returns, Transfersand Termination.
    
    1.  **Changes by Starlink**. Starlink may change or discontinue [Service Plans](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79),, prices, these Terms, Kit versions, and the [Starlink Specifications](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1470-99699-90) from time to time. Starlink will provide you with notice at least 30 days prior before materially adverse changes come into effect. Starlink will provide you with an email notice summarizing the changes and your right to cancel this Agreement. Subject to your options and conditions under Sections 4.2 (Service Cancellation) and 4.3 (Kit Return and Full Refund) by continuing to use the Services you agree to any changes.
        
    2.  **Service Cancellation**. You can stop the recurring monthly payment, cancel Services, and terminate this Agreement at any time via your Starlink account located within the Starlink Customer Portal. To avoid being billed for the following month of Services you must cancel Services prior to your invoice statement being generated. You are not entitled to any refunds, except as set forth under Section 4.3 (Kit Return and Full Refund).
        
    3.  **Kit Return and Full Refund**. You may return an undamaged, untampered and unmodified Starlink Kit and any accessories purchased on starlink.com within 30 days of the Payment Due Date for a full refund for any reason, including the inability to receive Services due to field-of-view issues. If you purchased a Starlink Kit or accessories, you will be refunded the price of the equipment. Should you timely return your Starlink Kit, you will also be refunded for the first month’s Service fee and the Monthly Kit Access Fee. To return the Starlink Kit or any accessories, follow instructions in the Return Policy in the Starlink Customer Portal.
        
    4.  **Transferring Services and Kits**. Customers who have purchased their Starlink Kits may have the option to transfer or assign your Services to another responsible party if the account is paid-in-full, in good standing, and there is network capacity under the requested \[Service Plan\] /legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79). Transferred Services are not available to customers who have rented a Starlink Kit. Transferring Services is not available until the earlier of (i) 120 days after you purchased your Starlink Kit, or (ii) 90 days after you activated your Starlink Kit. Please visit [https://support.starlink.com/](https://support.starlink.com/) or starlink.com/activate to learn more about activating Services after a Kit has been transferred or sold to a third-party.
        
    5.  **Termination by Starlink**. Starlink may, at any time, without prior notice, immediately terminate or suspend all or a portion of your account and/or access to the Services for (a) a violation of these Terms, including the Starlink [Acceptable Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1001-59234-61); (b) a request and/or order from law enforcement, a judicial body, or other government agency; (c) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, including but not limited to a material malfunction of the Starlink network, software or hardware; (d) a failure to obtain or maintain the necessary governmental authorizations required to deliver Services; (e) your participation in fraudulent or illegal activities; (f) your withdrawal of consent to allow Starlink to use your personal data to comply with applicable laws as described in the [Starlink Privacy Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1000-41799-67); (g) your failure to pay any fees owed for Services if you have not cured such non-payment within 24-days from the date of your invoice, or (h) its convenience after proper notice
        
5.  #### Limited Warranty, Disclaimers, Remedies and Liabilities.
    
    1.  **Limited Warranty**. The Starlink Kit and Services are novel, under development, and subject to change. Starlink will use reasonable efforts to facilitate that the Starlink Kit, at the time of delivery, and the Services, as performed, substantially meet performance goals set forth in the [Starlink Specifications](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1470-99699-90) applicable to your Service Plan. Starlink performance goals will be amended by Starlink from time to time based on experience and innovation. The Starlink Kit and Services are subject to the following [Limited Warranty](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1133-73441-63).
        
    2.  **Exclusions and Force Majeure**. Starlink is not responsible for damage to the Starlink Kit after delivery, or for the operation of the Kit or the Services resulting from: (a) manual re-pointing of the antenna; (b) repair, modification, or disassembly of Starlink Kit by anyone other than Starlink or its authorized agent; (c) failure to follow instructions, including by obstructing the Starlink Kit’s field of view; (d) fire, flood, wind, lightning, earthquake, weather, or other acts of nature or God; (e) spills of food or liquids on Starlink Kit; (f) planned or emergency maintenance on the network; (f) problems with your electrical power or network equipment; (g) acts of war, misuse, abuse, accident, vandalism, alteration, or neglect; (h) normal wear and tear or deterioration, or superficial defects, dents, or marks that do not impact performance of the Starlink Kit; (i) use in combination with devices not provided or approved by Starlink; (j) inability to obtain or maintain necessary permissions, authorizations, or permits; or (k) events not reasonably within Starlink’s control.
        
    3.  **Limited Remedies**. The Starlink Kit and Services are subject to the following [Limited Warranty](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1133-73441-63).
        
    4.  **DISCLAIMERS**. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 5.1 (LIMITED WARRANTY), STARLINK PROVIDES THE STARLINK KIT AND SERVICES “AS IS,” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION. STARLINK DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
        
    5.  **LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY**. STARLINK WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS PROFITS, LOST REVENUE, WORK STOPPAGE, LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE, DATA SECURITY BREACH, MALFUNCTION OR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE KIT INSTALLATION, REPAIR, REMOVAL, OR OTHER ASSOCIATED SERVICES. STARLINK’S LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY INDIVIDUAL CLAIM OR ALL CLAIMS IN THE AGGREGATE WILL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO STARLINK UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OVER THE SIX MONTHS PROCEEDING THE CLAIM GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY. THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY TO ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE AGREEMENT, SERVICES OR STARLINK KIT, INCLUDING ANY EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER STARLINK WAS INFORMED OR WAS AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER CLAIMS ARE ASSERTED BASED ON CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE CLAIM OR THEORY PROVIDED, EXCEPT IF AND TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY LIMITATION VIOLATES APPLICABLE MANDATORY LAW THAT THE PARTIES CANNOT DEROGATE FROM BY WAY OF CONTRACT.
        
    6.  **ASSUMPTION OF RISK**. YOU AGREE THAT THE SERVICES ARE ENTERTAINMENT SERVICES AND ARE NOT SUITED OR INTENDED AS A VESSEL-CRITICAL, MISSION-CRITICAL OR SAFETY-OF-LIFE SERVICE. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND THE STARLINK KIT, AND SUCH USE BY ANYONE USING YOUR ACCOUNT, IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
        
6.  #### Compliance.
    
    1.  **General**. Customer agrees to comply with all laws and regulations applicable or related to the performance of obligations under this Agreement. Starlink may seek authorizations for you to use the Service and Kit within the territorial waters of certain jurisdictions. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for (a) understanding and complying with all applicable laws and regulations associated with the use of the Services and Kit, (b) obtaining any required authorizations, and (c) ceasing use of the Services or Kit where necessary based on the Registered Vessel’s geographic location. You agree to comply with all Notice to Mariners (NOTMAR), and to stay clear of the designated hazard areas related to SpaceX rocket launches. A violation of this Section may result in the suspension of services or termination of the agreement.
        
    2.  **Privacy**. The parties agree that Starlink is the “data controller” (business primarily responsible for any personal information collected and processed (as defined by any applicable global privacy law or regulation (e.g., GDPR)) for your employees, crew, representatives or agents, as applicable. The parties also agree that you are the “data controller” for any personal information of any third-party end-users you grant access to the Services. Starlink’s privacy and data protection practices are in its Starlink Services [Privacy Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1000-41799-67), as amended from time to time. Any personal information for which you are the data controller must be governed by your privacy policy which must comply with applicable laws and be clearly posted for any third-party end users that you allow to use the Services.
        
    3.  **Acceptable Use Policy**. You agree not to use, or permit others to use, the Services in ways that (a) violate any applicable law or regulation, (b) violate this Agreement, including the [Acceptable Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1001-59234-61), or other policies available on the Starlink Customer Portal, (c) infringe the rights of others, (d) interfere with the users, Services, or Starlink Kit of the Starlink network or other networks, or (e) are outside the Permitted Use described in Section 1.2 of this Agreement. You and your permitted users are responsible for complying with the terms for any third-party services (e.g., video streaming or gaming apps) that you and your permitted users subscribe to using Starlink Services.
        
    4.  **International Trade Laws**. You must comply with all applicable export control, economic sanctions, customs/import, anti-money laundering, and anti-corruption laws and regulations (collectively, “International Trade Laws”). You acknowledge that you are only authorized to access Services on the Registered Vessel(s), and you will not divert the Starlink Kit or Services to any other locations, or to users or for uses that are prohibited under International Trade Laws.
        
    5.  **Modifications to Starlink Products & Export Controls**. Starlink Kits and Services are commercial communication products. Off-the-shelf, Starlink can provide communication capabilities to a variety of end-users, such as consumers, schools, businesses and other commercial entities, hospitals, humanitarian organizations, non-governmental and governmental organizations in support of critical infrastructure and other services, including during times of crisis. However, Starlink is not designed or intended for use with or in offensive or defensive weaponry or other comparable end-uses. Custom modifications of the Starlink Kits or Services for military end-uses or military end-users may transform the items into products controlled under U.S. export control laws, specifically the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 C.F.R. §§ 120-130) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) (15 C.F.R. §§ 730-774) requiring authorizations from the United States government for the export, support, or use outside the United States. Starlink aftersales support to customers is limited exclusively to standard commercial service support. At its sole discretion, Starlink may refuse to provide technical support to any modified Starlink products and is grounds for termination of this Agreement.
        
    6.  **Security Measures**. You acknowledge and agree that Starlink administers and enforces cybersecurity policies and procedures to identify and respond to incidents involving Starlink data, mitigate the effects of any such incidents, document their outcomes, and notify appropriate stakeholders (including authorities and affected data subjects, as appropriate).
        
7.  #### Marketing and Branding.
    
    Without prior written consent, neither party may use the other party’s trade names, trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features.
    
8.  #### Indemnification.
    
    To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to compensate and hold harmless Starlink against all claims, liability, damages, costs, and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to these Terms, any and all uses of your account, and your use of the Services. This includes, without limitation: (a) responsibility for all such consequences resulting from actions by you or any user of your account in violation of these Terms, the [Acceptable Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1001-59234-61), or any law or regulation in particular any unlawful activities or the dissemination of harmful content, in particular where they may prejudice respect for the rights and freedoms of others, including infringements of copyright and related rights; (b) negligent, reckless or intentionally wrongful act by you or any user of your account; and (c) any breach by you of any of the covenants contained in these Terms.
    
9.  #### No Unauthorized Transfers; Assignments, or Acts of Agency.
    
    1.  **Transfers and Assignments**. You may not assign, sell or transfer this Agreement, software installed on the Starlink Kit, or access to Services without Starlink’s consent as described under Section 4.4. Unauthorized transfers or assignments will be null and void. Starlink may terminate this Agreement for cause if you attempt to transfer Services or this Agreement. If your Starlink Kit is stolen, destroyed or otherwise removed from the Registered Vessel(s) without your authorization, you must provide notice via the Starlink Customer Portal immediately, or else you may be liable for payment of unauthorized use of the Services. You are liable for any charges or fees incurred by the use of the Services and Starlink Kit by anyone else. Starlink can assign its rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, to any individual or entity we choose, at any time, without notice to you in our sole discretion, and Services may be provided by one or more legally authorized Starlink affiliates.
        
    2.  **Acts of Agency**. You must create a Starlink account and enter into this Agreement for the Services in your own name. You cannot use an agent or any other representatives to purchase the Services or deal with Starlink, except where an agent or representative is (a) a household or family member, or personal caregiver, of the account holder, (b) an employee, director or officer of the account holder; or (c) any other person expressly approved by Starlink. You warrant that you have not purchased Starlink via a commercial third-party, are not acquiring the Service as part of bundled service offering provided by a commercial third-party, and have not and will not make payment to any commercial third-party in connection with the Services, except where expressly authorized by Starlink. A list of Authorized Starlink Resellers can be found in the FAQs at [https://support.starlink.com/](https://support.starlink.com/). Starlink reserves the right to seek information from you confirming these affirmations. Failure to follow the terms of this Section is a breach of this Agreement that may result in the termination of the Agreement for non-compliance.
        
10.  #### Governing Law.
     
     For Services provided to, on, or in orbit around the planet Earth or the Moon, this Agreement, and any disputes between us arising out of or related to this Agreement ("Disputes") will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the country in which the Services are being used, and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the same country. For Services provided on Mars, or in transit to Mars via Starship or other spacecraft, the parties recognize Mars as a free planet and that no Earth-based government has authority or sovereignty over Martian activities. Accordingly, Disputes will be settled through self-governing principles, established in good faith, at the time of Martian settlement.
     
11.  #### General Provisions.
     
     1.  **Customer Support**. Customer support is available for the Services and the Kit on the Starlink Customer Portal and [https://support.starlink.com/](https://support.starlink.com/). You acknowledge and agree that Customer support provided over the phone may be recorded for training and quality purposes.
         
     2.  **Eligibility**. You must be at least 18 years old to enroll in Services. Enrollment limits may apply. Offers are contingent upon product availability. Services and Starlink Kit may not be available for all vessels or in all locations.
         
     3.  **Severability**. If any term of this Agreement is to any extent invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, such term shall be excluded to the extent of such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability; all other terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect.
         
     4.  **Records**. You should keep copies of this Agreement and any sales receipts or other materials relevant to your purchase of the Starlink Kit and Services for your records. Starlink reserves the right to substitute, change, cancel or add to any part of this Agreement at any time upon notice to you, and your continued use of the Services constitutes agreement to the updated Terms. Starlink will notify you prior to materially changing its Terms. Visit the Starlink Customer Portal for the most current Terms.
         
     5.  **Electronic Delivery Policy, Customer Consent and Notices**. You consent to receive all agreements, updates, disclosures, policies, notices, and other information (collectively, “Notices”) provided by Starlink or its affiliates via paper and/or electronic delivery at Starlink’s sole discretion. Starlink may deliver or display Notices to you by email or pop-up window, or by posting a message on the Services on the Starlink Customer Portal. You may receive periodic texts, emails, or other communications from Starlink, such as notices regarding expiration of your account and changes to this Agreements.
         
     6.  **No Waiver**. No waiver by Starlink of any breach of this Agreement will be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach. No waiver by Starlink of any right under this Agreement will be construed as a waiver of any other right. Starlink will not be required to give notice to enforce strict adherence to this Agreement. A waiver must be provided in writing by an authorized representative of Starlink to be effective.
         
     7.  **FCC Authorization Notice**. For use of the Services in the United States, Federal Communication Commission authorization to Starlink for in-motion services in the United States has been granted on a non-interference protected basis, i.e., unprotected basis with respect to operations in the 12.2-12.7 GHz band. Therefore, Starlink’s in-motion operations, including for vessels, must accept any interference received from both current and future services authorized in the band – even if such interference causes undesirable operations for Starlink Services and its customers. Starlink in-motion Services must not cause harmful interference to any authorized service in the band, whether licensed or not.

- - -

Starlink Specifications
=======================

#### SERVICE DESCRIPTION

Starlink provides two-way satellite-based internet service (“Services”), receivable with a Starlink user terminal, Wi-Fi router, power supply and mount ("Starlink Kit” or “Kit”). The Starlink Kit and Services are novel, under development, and subject to change. Starlink performance goals will be amended by Starlink from time to time based on experience and innovation.

#### PERFORMANCE

*   Starlink users typically experience download speeds between 45 and 280 Mbps, with a majority of users experiencing speeds over 100 Mbps. Upload speeds are typically between 10 and 30 Mbps. Latency ranges between 25 and 60 ms on land, and 100+ ms in certain remote locations (e.g. Oceans, Islands, Antarctica, Alaska, Northern Canada, etc.). These speeds make Starlink suitable for streaming, video calls, online gaming, and other typical household internet use.
*   Stated speeds below and the uninterrupted use of the Services is not guaranteed. Actual speeds may be lower than expected speeds during times of high usage. Performance varies based on location, time of day and the precedence Starlink gives your data in the network based on your Service Plan. Please see our [Fair Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1469-65206-75) for more information on how Starlink treats Deprioritized, Residential, Roam, and Priority data and how that impacts your Services under each Plan. A description of the Service Plans can be found [here](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79).

Expected speeds per Service Plan:

|     |     |     |     |     |     |     |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **SERVICE PLAN** | RESIDENTIAL LITE (FIXED) | RESIDENTIAL 100 MBPS (FIXED) | RESIDENTIAL (FIXED) | ROAM 10GB, 50GB, 100GB and PAUSE (MOBILITY) | ROAM UNLIMITED (MOBILITY) | PRIORITY |
| **AVAILABILITY** | ≥99% | ≥99% | ≥99% | ≥99% | ≥99% | ≥99% |
| **DOWNLOAD** | 80–200 Mbps | 80-100 Mbps | [Click For Download Speeds](https://starlink.com/map?view=download) | 65–260 Mbps | 65–260 Mbps | 135–310 Mbps |
| **UPLOAD** | 15–35 Mbps | 15–35 Mbps | [Click For Upload Speeds](https://starlink.com/map?view=upload) | 15–35 Mbps | 15–35 Mbps | 20–44 Mbps |
| **LATENCY**\* | [Click For Latency](https://starlink.com/map?view=latency) | [Click For Latency](https://starlink.com/map?view=latency) | [Click For Latency](https://starlink.com/map?view=latency) | [Click For Latency](https://starlink.com/map?view=latency) | [Click For Latency](https://starlink.com/map?view=latency) | [Click For Latency](https://starlink.com/map?view=latency) |

\*Standby Mode, where available, offers speeds up to 500 Kbps download and upload. \*Customers in certain remote locations will experience higher latency (e.g. Oceans, Islands, Antarctica, Alaska, Northern Canada, etc.)

#### GENERAL EXCLUSIONS

At the time of delivery, the Starlink Kit should be able to connect customers to the Services and to remain intact and operable for a minimum of 12, 24, or 36 months (see [Starlink.com/legal/warranty](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1133-73441-63)) after delivery if installation instructions are followed, the Kit is carefully maintained, not subjected to physical damage, extreme weather conditions, or connected to aged or faulty personal devices, and if Services are used within Starlink’s coverage map. Customers must follow installation directions and connect the Starlink terminal directly to the mobile network equipment without any additional jumper cables, receptacles, or any other devices aimed at extending the reach of the link between the two components.

Various circumstances may affect the performance of Starlink Kits and Services, including, but not limited to: (a) failure to follow Starlink instructions; (b) installation environment; (c) angle and/or field of view of the dish; (d) weather; (e) quality of your personal devices; (f) interference by other devices; (g) proximity of other Starlink Kits; (h) quality, condition and positioning of the cables; (i) reliability of power from the grid or problems with customer’s electrical power; (j) improper tower grounding; (k) proximity or location of the customer premise equipment; (l) too many active or parallel network connections (m) fire, flood, wind, lightning, hurricanes, earthquake, or other acts of nature or God; (n) spills of food or liquids on Starlink Kit; (o) misuse, abuse, accident, vandalism, alteration, or neglect; and (p) normal wear and tear or deterioration.

Like other novel technology products, the Starlink Kit will eventually become technologically obsolete. From time to time, customers may need to purchase a newer model for optimal Services. Starlink may change these Starlink Specifications, the Starlink Kit (including delivered devices via software updates), Services, and [Service Plans](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1728-44881-79).

The Starlink Kit can and may be accessed by Starlink to perform support actions, request limited diagnostic information, monitor performance, and provide research for improvement purposes.

#### MARITIME FCC AUTHORIZATION NOTICE

Federal Communication Commission authorization to Starlink for in-motion services in the United States has been granted on a non-interference protected basis, i.e., unprotected basis with respect to operations in the 12.2-12.7 GHz band. Therefore, Starlink’s in-motion operations, including for vessels, must accept any interference received from both current and future services authorized in the band – even if such interference causes undesirable operations for Starlink Services and its customers. Starlink in-motion Services must not cause harmful interference to any authorized service in the band, whether licensed or not.

- - -

User Content License, Release & Waiver
======================================

This Agreement is applicable only to the use of the website not to the provision of telecommunication services.

**Content & Appearance License, Release, and Waiver (“Agreement”)**

By uploading your content into the Starlink site, you agree to grant SpaceX, Starlink and its affiliates (collectively, “Starlink”), a non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free license (the “License”) to use your created video or photograph, voice, image, text, persona, likeness, name and performance in any audio, visual, and audiovisual renderings taken by or of you (the “Content”). You waive any right of prior approval, and release Starlink from, and will neither sue nor bring any proceeding against Starlink for, any claim or cause of action, whether now known or unknown, for defamation, copyright infringement, and invasion of the rights to privacy, publicity, or personality or any similar matter, or based upon or relating to the use and exploitation of the Content (the “Release”).

This License gives SpaceX and Starlink the right to:

*   Repost, produce, modify, create derivative works of, and otherwise use the Content or derivative work thereof, in whole or in part, in any manner and matter (including for marketing and promotional activities) or in combination with any other material, in any format or media, whether now existing or hereafter devised, including, but not limited to, text, data, images, photographs, illustrations, animation and graphics, video, audio, and all formats of computer readable electronic or digital media (the “Works”);
*   Publicly display, distribute (directly or indirectly), transmit, or broadcast the Works by any means and in any digital media now known or hereafter devised; and
*   Use your social media platform handle/handles for identifying (“tagging”) your Content used in the Works.

You represent that:

*   The execution of this Agreement will not cause or create any conflict with, breach of or default of any contract by which you are bound;
*   You will comply with all applicable laws and regulations;
*   This Agreement shall in no way be interpreted as creating an agency or employment relationship between you and Starlink;
*   You are at least 18 years of age and are competent to enter into this Agreement;
*   You have all necessary legal rights to grant the License and Release set forth above; and
*   The Content will be original and will not infringe on any copyright, trademark, privacy or any other proprietary right of another person.
*   You consent to Starlink collecting, using and sharing any personal information contained in the Content, as well as your name and social media username(s), and agree to [Starlink’s Privacy Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1000-41799-67).

If any term of this Agreement is to any extent invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced, such term shall be excluded to the extent of such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability; all other terms hereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement and any disputes between us arising out of or related to this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California in the United States.

- - -

Service Plan Descriptions
=========================

The below Service Plan descriptions form a part of your Agreement between you and Starlink. The Service Plans described below may not be available to you. Availability of Service Plans is subject to change and is dependent on many factors, including network availability and regulatory approvals.

1.  #### Fixed Service Plans
    
    1.  **Residential Lite Service Plan**. The Residential Lite Service Plan is designed for personal, family, or household use at a fixed land-based location. See the [Starlink Specifications](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1470-99699-90) for details on the typical performance. The Residential Lite Service Plan includes an unlimited amount of “Deprioritized” data. Deprioritized data that is assigned to users is always deprioritized as compared to other Starlink Fixed Service Plans, resulting in degraded Service and slower speeds in congested areas and during peak hours, as described in the [Fair Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1469-65206-75). Speeds and uninterrupted use of the service are not guaranteed. Starlink seeks to distribute Deprioritized data among our users in a fair and equitable manner. Residential Lite Service users are able to upgrade to any other Service Plan. The Residential Lite Service Plan is not permitted for business or enterprise uses. If bandwidth patterns consistently exceed what is allocated to a typical residential user, Starlink may take network management measures, such as temporarily reducing a customer's speeds, to prevent or mitigate congestion of the Services. The Residential Lite Plan may not be available in your area. If you change your Service address to an area where the Residential Lite Service Plan is not available, you may be required to upgrade to the Residential Service Plan or may opt to cancel your Services. Depending on your country, Mini Kits may not be used with the Residential Lite Service Plan. If you pause with Standby Mode, you will still receive Residential Lite Service through the end of the then-current monthly billing cycle. Pause with Standby Mode does not guarantee your ability to sign back up for a Residential Lite Service Plan in the future.
        
    2.  **Residential 100 Mbps Service Plan**. The Residential 100 Mbps Service Plan has the same characteristics as the Residential Lite Service Plan, except that download speeds are limited to a maximum of 100 Mbps. See the [Starlink Specifications](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1470-99699-90) for details on the typical performance. If bandwidth patterns consistently exceed what is allocated to a typical residential user, Starlink may take network management measures, such as reducing a your speeds or requiring you to upgrade to a Priority service plan to continue to receive service.
        
    3.  **Residential Service Plan**. The Residential Service Plan is designed for personal, family, or household use at a fixed land-based location. See the [Starlink Specifications](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1470-99699-90) for details on the typical performance. The Residential Service Plan includes an unlimited amount of “Residential” data. In times of network congestion and during peak usage hours, users may experience slower speeds and reduced performance which may result in degradation or unavailability of certain third-party services or applications, as described in the [Fair Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1469-65206-75). Stated speeds and uninterrupted use of the Services are not guaranteed. Starlink seeks to distribute Residential data among our users in a fair and equitable manner. Bandwidth intensive applications, such as streaming videos, gaming, or downloading large files are most likely to be impacted during peak usage hours. Customers with high bandwidth needs that experience Service degradation resulting from Starlink’s network management practices are able to upgrade to a Priority Service Plan. Supplemental customer support for business or government specific requests (e.g., modified invoicing or tax-exempt certifications) are only available under Starlink’s Priority Service Plans and may not be supported under Residential Service Plan subscriptions. The Residential Service Plan is not permitted for business or enterprise uses. If bandwidth patterns consistently exceed what is allocated to a typical residential user, Starlink may take network management measures, such as temporarily reducing a customer's speeds, to prevent or mitigate congestion of the Services. Depending on your country, Mini Kits may not be used with the Residential Service Plan. If you pause with Standby Mode, you will still receive Residential Service through the end of the then-current monthly billing cycle. Pause with Standby Mode does not guarantee your ability to sign back up for a Residential Service Plan in the future or that any fees associated with re-activation, if any apply at the time of activation, will be waived.
        
2.  #### Mobility Service Plans
    
    1.  **Roam Service Plans.**
        
        a) _**Roam Unlimited**_. Starlink Roam Unlimited Service Plan allow you to access Services at any destination where Starlink provides active coverage and is designed for low demand, land-based use, such as travel, camping or nomadic living, subject to certain restrictions below. The Roam Unlimited Service Plan allows you to access Roam Unlimited Services at any land-based destination (up to 60 consecutive days outside of the country of your Service address) and in any coastal waters (up to 12 nautical miles off the coast; up to 5 consecutive days at a time and for a total of 60 days over the course of a year) where Starlink provides active coverage around the world. Roam Unlimited Services cannot be used on the open ocean. The Roam Unlimited Service Plan assigns an unlimited amount of “Roam” data each month to customers. Roam data that is assigned to Roam users is typically deprioritized as compared to other Starlink Service Plans, resulting in degraded Service and slower speeds in congested areas and during peak hours. See the [Starlink FAQs](https://starlink.com/support/article/dd5b43b5-20e1-b29b-2d7d-a7ffd0541988) for more information. Stated speeds and uninterrupted use of the Service are not guaranteed and are highly dependent on geographical areas. Roam Unlimited Services can be used in motion (up to 450 MPH or 724 KPH). You can pause with Standby Mode at any time. If you pause with Standby Mode, you will still receive Roam Unlimited Service through the end of the then-current monthly billing cycle. When you switch back to your Roam Unlimited Plan, the monthly Roam Unlimited subscription fee will be charged immediately, on a pro-rated basis. If you use Roam Unlimited Services for more than two months in a country that is different than your account address, Starlink may require you to move your registered address to your new location or return to the country listed as your account address. See the [Starlink FAQs](https://starlink.com/support/article/dd5b43b5-20e1-b29b-2d7d-a7ffd0541988) for more information. Starlink may immediately suspend your Services if your new location is not in an authorized territory (marked “Available or Waitlist”) on the Starlink map: starlink.com/map. Starlink Roam Unlimited Service charges will be ongoing until you pause with Standby Mode via your Starlink account. The Roam Unlimited Service Plan is not permitted for business or enterprise uses. If bandwidth patterns consistently exceed what is allocated to a typical Roam user, Starlink may take network management measures, such as temporarily reducing a customer's speeds, to prevent or mitigate congestion of the Services. Customers using mobility features to access Services in other countries will be subject to the local laws of that country. Roam Unlimited users in an area with high network congestion where Residential Services are marked as “Sold Out” on the [Starlink map](https://starlink.com/map) for longer than 60 consecutive days, Starlink may, in its sole discretion, (i) require you to pay a fee or upgrade to a different Service plan; or (ii) limit your access to the internet so you may only access your Starlink account on starlink.com. In the event your access to the internet is limited under (ii), you will continue to be charged the monthly Roam Unlimited Service fee unless you pause with Standby Mode or cancel your Service. Starlink may permit Roam Unlimited users to opt-in to Ocean Mode. When Ocean Mode is enabled, in addition to your Roam Service fee, you will be billed for all data consumed (both on land and water) in the current and subsequent billing cycles until you opt-out. Ocean Mode is designed for ocean coverage, but may be used on land.
        
        b) **Roam 10 GB or 50GB.** The Roam 10GB or 50GB Plans have the same characteristics as the Roam Unlimited Service Plan, but assigns a set amount of Roam data to customers each month, as described in the [Fair Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1469-65206-75). Unused Roam data does not rollover to the next month. If you have exhausted your Roam data in a given month, you are able to purchase additional GB of Roam data. Customers who exhaust and have not purchased additional Roam data will be unable to connect to the internet except to access their Starlink account on starlink.com, where additional Roam data can be purchased, so that you may reconnect to the internet. Roam 10GB or 50GB Plan users are able to switch to other Service Plans. The Roam 10GB or 50GB Plans may not be available for all Kit types.
        
        c) **Roam + Residential Plan Bundle.** If you cancel your active Residential Service Plan ("Primary Plan"), your Roam Plan will also be cancelled. With the Residential Plan Bundle, you cannot transfer your Roam Services. Roam Service charges will be ongoing until you cancel your Primary Plan Services. If you decide to cancel only your Roam Services, the same pricing may not be available if you choose to reactive Roam Services in the future.
        
        d) _**Roam Data**_. The Roam Unlimited Service Plan includes an unlimited amount of “Roam” data. Roam data that is assigned to users is typically deprioritized as compared to other Starlink Service Plans, resulting in degraded Service and slower speeds in congested areas and during peak hours, as described in the [Fair Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1469-65206-75). See [Starlink Specifications](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1470-99699-90) for details on the expected performance. Stated speeds and uninterrupted use of the Service are not guaranteed and are highly dependent on geographical areas. Roam Unlimited Service users with high bandwidth, ocean or active coverage access needs are able to upgrade their Service Plan.
        
    2.  **Standby Mode.** Standby Mode includes an unlimited amount of low-speed data and works anywhere Starlink is available. You can pause with Standby Mode on Roam, Residential, and on Local & Global Priority plans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, business customers on Local & Global Priority Plans are not able to pause with Standby Mode. It is not available in all countries or on certain promotional plans. Standby Mode is not intended for constant, maritime, or high-bandwidth use. Customers on Standby Mode for more than 12 consecutive months may, at Starlink’s discretion, (i) be required to pay a fee or upgrade to a different Service plan, or (ii) be only able to connect to the internet to access their Starlink account on starlink.com. For details on availability and typical performance, see the [Starlink FAQs](https://starlink.com/na/support/article/37bb3b47-9525-7224-5f0a-6d016ce26975) and the [Specifications](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1470-99699-90).
        
    3.  **Priority Service Plans**.
        
        a) **Priority Service Plans**. The Priority Service Plans are designed for high-bandwidth land- and ocean-use and can be used in motion. In motion use is subject to Section 3.3. Stated speeds and uninterrupted use of the Priority Service Plans are not guaranteed and may vary by geographical area. See the [Starlink Specifications](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1470-99699-90) for details on the typical performance and the [Priority Plan Service Level Agreement](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1729-34307-72). You can pause with Standby Mode at any time. If you pause with Standby Mode, you will still receive Priority Service through the end of the then-current monthly billing cycle. When resume service on your Priority Service Plan, the fee for the Data Block and the Monthly Access Fee will be charged immediately, on a pro-rated basis. Priority Service Plan users will purchase fixed units of Priority data each month as described in the Order (“Data Blocks”). Priority data is given network precedence over Residential and Roam data, meaning users will typically experience faster and more consistent download and upload speeds. Unused Priority data in a Data Block does not rollover to the next month. If you manually add one or more Data Block(s) partway through the monthly billing cycle, the change will not take effect, and you will not be charged for such Data Block(s), until the next monthly billing cycle begins. As a courtesy, Starlink may send you alerts to notify of your data usage in a given month. There is no guarantee you will receive such alerts and, by the time you receive them, your actual data usage may already have expired, or be different than what is described in the alert.
        
        *   **Local Plan**. For inland coverage (including lakes and rivers) only; not for global or ocean use. Services may be used (i) locally in-country, or (ii) for up to 60 consecutive days within your region in a location outside the country of your Service address. See [Starlink FAQs](https://starlink.com/support/article/c90db40e-9421-8fd0-d619-ed0ed46f9165) for a map showing countries by region. In-motion use up to 450 mph. Prices for Data Blocks purchased under the Local Priority Plan will vary based on location. If you use the Local Priority Plan for more than 30 days in a country that is different than your service address, Starlink may require you to move your registered address to your new location or upgrade to the Global Priority Plan. Starlink may immediately suspend your Services if your new location is not in an authorized territory (marked “Available or Waitlist”) on the Starlink map: starlink.com/map.
        *   **Global Plan**. For global and ocean coverage. In-motion use up to 450 mph. Starlink may immediately suspend your Services if your location is not in an authorized territory (marked “Available or Waitlist”) on the Starlink map: starlink.com/map.
        
        b) **Top-Up Data**.
        
        *   **Top-Up Data Opt-In**. For Priority Plans, if you exhaust the Data Block(s) purchased for a given monthly billing cycle, you can, at any time during a given monthly billing cycle, elect (opt-in) to be assigned and charged a fixed amount of “top-up” Priority data (“Top-Up Data”). Once the initial Top-Up Data is exhausted, additional Top-Up Data will be automatically assigned. Top-Up Data charges will be reflected on the invoice for the following monthly billing cycle. Unused Top-Up Data does not rollover to the next monthly billing cycle. You can track your Top-Up Data usage at any time via the Starlink App or via your Starlink account. **Once you opt-in, you will be automatically billed for Top-Up Data used until you opt-out, including in following monthly billing cycles**. You may opt-out of purchasing additional Top-Up Data at any time via your account in the Starlink Customer Portal or via the Starlink App. Changes to the Top-Up Data Setting mid-month will take effect immediately. Additional details can be found in the [Starlink FAQs](https://support.starlink.com/) and [Starlink Fair Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1469-65206-75).
        *   **Top-Up Data Opt-Out**. If you purchase a Priority Plan, the default setting is you will be opted-out of being assigned and charged Top-Up Data. You may either (i) opt-in to Top-Up Data as described in Section 5.2(a)(i) above, or (ii) manually purchase additional Top-Up Data as needed once your Data Block(s) is exhausted. If you exhaust your Data Block(s) purchased for a given monthly billing cycle and you do neither (i) nor (ii), your Service will be limited to substantially slower speeds (e.g., up to 1Mbps download and 0.5Mbps upload speeds) for the remainder of the month. If you consume your Data Block(s) in a given month and are opted-in for Top-Up Data, you will automatically be assigned and charged Top-Up Data to cover the remaining data consumed that month. See Section 2.4(b) and the [Fair Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal/documents/DOC-1469-65206-75) for payment details on opting in and out of Top-Up Data.
    4.  **Limitations on Mobility Services**. Supplemental customer support for enterprise, institutional or government specific requests (e.g., modified invoicing or tax-exempt certifications) is only available under Starlink’s Priority Plans. Starlink does not guarantee when or where Starlink Roam or Priority Services will be available. Such Services are dependent on many factors, including obtaining or maintaining the necessary regulatory approvals which are subject to change. Find a list of authorized territories (marked “Available or Waitlist”) on Starlink map: [starlink.com/map](https://starlink.com/starlink.com/map).
        
    5.  **Plan Changes**. If Customer changes to a different Service plan partway through the monthly billing cycle, Customer will be billed for all applicable costs associated with such Service Plan upgrade or downgrade, which may include reasonably pro-rated charges for the previous and/or newly selected Service plan.

- - -

Contract Summary
================

**Contract Summary**

Services are provided by Starlink Internet Services Limited (Floor 3, Block 3, Miesian Plaza, Dublin 2, D02 Y754, Ireland). Contact us by submitting a ticket in your user account at Starlink.com or the Starlink mobile app. This contract summary provides the main elements of this service offer as required by EU law. It helps to make a comparison between service offers. More information regarding the services and applicable terms and conditions is provided in other documents located at [starlink.com/legal](http://starlink.com/legal).

**Services and Equipment**

Starlink provides two-way satellite-based internet service (“Service”), receivable with a Starlink dish, Wi-Fi router, power supply and mounts (“Starlink Kit” or “Kit”).

**Speeds of the Internet Service**

Starlink users typically experience download speeds between 25 and 220 Mbps, with a majority of users experiencing speeds over 100 Mbps. Upload speeds are typically between 5 and 20 Mbps. Latency ranges between 25 and 50ms on land, and 100+ms on open waters. The ranges below represent expected minimum and maximum speeds. These speeds make Starlink suitable for streaming, video calls, online gaming, and other typical household internet use.

**Stated speeds below and uninterrupted use of the Services are not guaranteed.** Actual speeds may be lower than expected speeds during times of high usage. Performance varies based on location, time of day and your service plan. Please see the [Fair Use Policy](https://starlink.com/legal) for more information on network management. More information on service plans is available at [https://starlink.com/service-plans](https://starlink.com/service-plans).

Expected speeds during peak hours of usage:

| Service Plan Name | Download Speed | Upload Speed | Latency |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Residential** | 50-150 Mbps | 5-25 Mbps | 25-50 ms |
| **Residential Lite** | 30-100 Mbps | 5-25 Mbps | 25-50 ms |
| **Roam (10GB, 50GB, Unlimited)** | 30-100 Mbps | 10-30 Mbps | 25-50 ms |
| **Local Priority (50GB, 500GB, 1TB, 2TB)** | 50-220 Mbps | 10-30 Mbps | 25-50 ms |
| **Global Priority (50GB, 500GB, 1TB, 2TB)** | 50-220 Mbps | 10-30 Mbps | 25-50 ms |

Location-based information on expected speeds and latency is available at [starlink.com/map](http://starlink.com/map).

Mobile Services are subject to regulatory approvals and are not available in all locations. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for (a) understanding and complying with all applicable laws and regulations associated with the use of mobile Services and Kits; (b) obtaining any required authorizations; and (c) ceasing use of the Services or Kits where necessary based on geographic location.

**Price**

Pricing is dependent on the hardware and service plan that you choose, as well as your location. Enter your service address at [https://starlink.com](https://starlink.com/) and select your hardware and service plan configuration to see the price, which will be separated as the price of hardware payments and recurring service payments.

**Duration, Renewal and Termination**

Starlink offers two options for service contracts, which you select at checkout.

_A month-to-month contract of indefinite duration until cancelled_

This is an agreement to receive internet services for an indefinite duration that will recur on a monthly basis until cancelled by you or Starlink in accordance with the Terms of Service. Internet services are billed monthly, in advance. You may stop the recurring payment and cancel the service at any time within your user account with no penalty or fee. In case of service termination, you are not entitled to a refund of the Starlink Kit, except within the initial 30-day period and pursuant to the conditions described in the Terms of Service.

_A 12-month service commitment contract_

If you select a 12-month service commitment, Starlink will provide a Starlink Kit at no cost in exchange for your agreement to maintain continuous service for at least 12 months. If you make any changes to your subscription during the initial 12 months — including changing your service address, switching service plans, transferring your Starlink Kit to a third party, or cancelling service — you will be charged a $349 Change Fee. You will also be charged the Change Fee if you fail to pay an invoice on time. The Change Fee is reduced by 1/12th for each month you maintain your subscription. After 12 months, your service will continue on a month-to-month basis, and the Change Fee will no longer apply.

The 12-month commitment option may not be available in all locations or for all service plans. Check availability for your address at starlink.com.

**Features for End-Users with Disabilities**

The Starlink website is configured with accessibility features for End-Users with Disabilities.

**Remedies**

**Starlink does not guarantee that you will receive any specific speeds, or that your use of the Service will be uninterrupted.** In the event of a significant and regular shortfall of the expected performance referenced above that is attributable to Starlink, you may be entitled to legal remedies. If you are experiencing an issue, please contact support by submitting a ticket in your user account. We will make every effort to resolve your issue. However, if we cannot, you may have the option of seeking further remedies at the regulatory authority or a court.

**Contact for Inquiries or Complaints**

The quickest way to receive a resolution to any issue is to log into your Starlink Account in the Customer Support Portal and submit a customer support request describing your issue and your desired resolution. You must include “Customer Complaint” in the subject of your request to ensure proper handling of any complaints. You may also send an email describing your issue and your desired resolution to [starlinkresolutions@spacex.com](mailto:starlinkresolutions@spacex.com). If you wish to make a complaint via email, please include “Customer Complaint” in the subject of your request as well as your account number.