Amazon Music Terms of Use

**Last updated April 16, 2019**

This is an agreement between you and the entity providing Amazon Music to you, which may be, depending on your country of residence (your “Location”), Amazon Digital Services LLC, Amazon.com.ca, Inc., Amazon Media EU S.à.r.l., Amazon.com Int'l Sales, Inc., Amazon Seller Services Private Limited. Amazon Australia Services Inc., Servicios Comerciales Amazon México, S. de R.L. de C.V., or one of their affiliates ("Amazon," "we," or "us"). This agreement governs your use of the personalized services available in your Location (Unlimited, Prime Music, Amazon Music (free with ads), the Store, and/or the Music Library Service, collectively, the "Services"). Visit Amazon Music Service Provider Information and Applicable Terms and Policies to identify the Amazon affiliate that provides the Services to you and other applicable terms based on your Location. The Amazon Music marketplace is your primary website for accessing the Amazon Music service ("Music Marketplace"). The Amazon affiliate that provides the Services to you may change from time to time. The Services allow you to purchase and access digital versions of audio recordings, artwork and information relating to the audio recordings, and other content (collectively, "Music Content"), as described below. Before using the Services, please read these Terms of Use, all rules and policies related to the Services (including any specific rules, usage restrictions, and other conditions or procedures that we post or update on or through the Services or on any help or other informational page for the Services), the Privacy Notice applicable to you, the Conditions of Use applicable to you, the Interest-Based Ads and Cookies notices applicable to you, and the Alexa Terms of Use applicable to you (collectively, the "Agreement"). If your Location is in the European Union, the Privacy Notice and the Interest-Based Ads and Cookies notices are not part of your Agreement. The versions of these notices applicable to you are available for your review.

If you use any of the Services, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.

To use the Services, you must have an Amazon account, and you may be required to be logged in to the account and have a valid payment method associated with it. You may not share your Amazon username and password with others or use anyone else’s Amazon username and password.

**1\. THE SERVICES**.

**1.1 Location.** Please visit Amazon Music Service Provider Information and Applicable Terms and Policies for more information on availability of Services in your Location. Some or all Services may not be available in your Location.

**1.2 Amazon Music Unlimited**. Amazon Music Unlimited ("Unlimited") allows you to access certain Music Content from our catalog ("Unlimited Content") if you subscribe to Unlimited.

**(a) Unlimited Plans. Fees. Upgrades and Downgrades**. We may offer paid plans that allow you to access Unlimited Content (each, an "Unlimited Plan"). If you subscribe to an Unlimited Plan directly through us, the applicable subscription fees are described in our detail pages and Help Pages. From time to time, we may change the Unlimited Plans, as well as the applicable fees for those plans. The amount of the fee and the next due date are available in your Amazon Music Settings. Unless legally required, the price stated does not include any taxes that we may charge. Payment is non-refundable, except as described in section 5.1. section 5.3. or, if you signed up through a third party and are not billed directly by us, as described in the billing terms provided by the third party. If you upgrade your Unlimited Plan, the upgrade will take effect immediately, we will charge you the applicable fee, and the term of your Unlimited Plan may be extended, as described at the time you upgrade your Unlimited Plan. If you downgrade your Unlimited Plan, unless otherwise specified, the downgrade will take effect at the end of the term of your existing Unlimited Plan.

**(b) Family Unlimited Plans**. A Family Unlimited Plan allows you to share Unlimited Content with up to five family members. When you invite a family member to your Family Unlimited Plan, that family member may have access to the payment method we charge for your subscription. You authorize each family member that you invite to your Family Unlimited Plan to make purchases on or through Amazon with that payment method. If a family member makes a purchase on the shared payment method, you will be notified of that purchase. All Family Unlimited Plan members must be 13 years of age or older, unless a higher minimum age applies to your Location, e.g. 14 years (Spain), 15 years (France), 16 years (Germany and Italy). You can find additional information regarding minimum age requirements for other European Union Locations, if applicable, when you invite family members to your Family Unlimited Plan. If you invite a minor to the Family Unlimited Plan, you must either be the parent or legal guardian of the minor, or act with the parent's or legal guardian's consent. In the United States, parents may give permission for children under 13 to access Amazon Music Unlimited. Minors may use their Amazon account, including access to the Family Unlimited Plan and privacy settings, only with involvement of a parent or guardian.

**1.3 Amazon Prime Music**. Amazon Prime Music ("Prime Music") allows you to access certain Music Content from our catalog ("Prime Music Content") if you (a) are eligible for the Prime Music benefit under the Amazon Prime Terms applicable to you (noted here), and (b) opt-in to Prime Music by playing Prime Music Content.

**1.4 Amazon Music (free with ads).** We may offer a music service with advertisements, which allows you to access certain Music Content from our catalog (such content, collectively with Unlimited Content and Prime Music Content, "Music Service Content"). This service may contain advertising, and advertising may be personalized as described in the Interest-Based Ads notice applicable to you. Amazon offers you choices about receiving interest-based ads from us. You can choose not to receive interest-based ads from Amazon. If you choose this option, this service may continue to contain ads but they will not be personalized. Please visit the Advertising Preferences page applicable to you to learn how to set your preference.

**1.5 Digital Music Store**. The Digital Music Store (the "Store") allows you to purchase Music Content ("Purchased Music"). Unless otherwise specified, all sales are final and risk of loss transfers upon sale. We do not accept returns of Purchased Music. When you purchase Music Content from the Store, you are directing us to store that Purchased Music in the Music Library Service. When you place an order to purchase Music Content on the Store, you acknowledge and agree that you cannot cancel your purchase of Music Content once delivery has started, including by our making it available to you in the cloud for streaming or downloading from the Music Library Service. Your statutory rights are not affected.

**1.6 Music Library Service**. The music library service (the "Music Library Service") allows you to store, download, manage, and/or play back Music Service Content and Stored Music. "Stored Music" is your Music Content that you store in or access using the Music Library Service, including your Matched Music. "Stored Music" does not include Music Service Content. There may be limits on the types of content you can store using the Music Library Service, such as file types we don't support. By using the Music Library Service, you are directing us to store, download, manage, and play back Stored Music on your behalf.

**(a) Storage Plans**. We offer a free and paid plan for the storage of Music Content, which have different storage capacity limits (each, a "Storage Plan"). You will have the free Storage Plan if you haven't chosen the paid Storage Plan.

**(b) Storage Plan Fees. Upgrades and Downgrades**. The applicable fees are described in our detail pages and Help Pages. From time to time, we may change the Storage Plans, as well as the applicable fees for those plans. The amount of the fee and the next due date are available in your Amazon Music Settings. Unless legally required, the price stated does not include any taxes that we may charge. Payment is non-refundable, except as described in sections 5.1 and 5.3. If you upgrade your Storage Plan, the upgrade will take effect immediately, we will charge you the applicable fee, and the term of your Storage Plan may be extended, as described at the time you upgrade. If you downgrade your Storage Plan, unless otherwise specified, the downgrade will take effect at the end of the term of your existing Storage Plan. If you exceed your Storage Plan's storage limit, including by downgrading or not renewing your Storage Plan, you may no longer be able to access Stored Music.

**1.7 Matched Music**. If we find that music you have purchased from us, or Music Content you have stored in the Music Library Service, matches available Music Content from our catalog ("Matched Music"), you are directing us to store a personal copy of that Matched Music for you in place of your existing files or instead of uploading the files.

**1.8 AutoRip-Eligible Orders**. Under the AutoRip program, when you purchase a qualifying CD or vinyl album from Amazon, we provide you a digital version of that album through the Music Library Service. For more information on the AutoRip program, please see the AutoRip Terms &. Conditions applicable to you (noted here).

**1.9 Personalization.** We provide personalized features and recommendations as part of the Services, including recommending Music Content and Services, which might be of interest to you. We also endeavor to continuously improve the Amazon services and devices and your experience with them.

**2\. GENERAL SUBSCRIPTION PLAN TERMS**.

**2.1 Promotional and Trial Offers**. We may offer trial or promotional Unlimited Plans or Storage Plans (each, a "Trial Plan"). Some Trial Plans may, as communicated to you, automatically convert to a paid plan unless you cancel before the end of the Trial Plan.

**2.2 Payment. Renewal**.

If you sign up through us and are billed by us, then the billing terms described below in this section 2.2 will apply to your subscription.

For customers on an Unlimited Plan, if all payment methods we have on file for you are declined for payment of your Unlimited Plan, you have 3 days to provide us a new payment method or your Unlimited Plan will be canceled. If you provide us with a new payment method and are successfully charged within 3 days, your new Unlimited Plan term will be based on the original renewal/subscription date and not the date of the successful charge.

For customers on a Storage Plan, if all payment methods we have on file for you are declined for payment of your Storage Plan, you have 30 days to provide us a new payment method or your Storage Plan will be canceled. If you provide us with a new payment method and are successfully charged within 30 days, your new Storage Plan term will be based on the original renewal/subscription date and not the date of the successful charge.

UNLESS YOU NOTIFY US BEFORE A CHARGE THAT YOU DO NOT WANT TO AUTO RENEW, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR UNLIMITED PLAN OR STORAGE PLAN WILL AUTOMATICALLY CONTINUE AND YOU AUTHORIZE US TO COLLECT THE THEN-APPLICABLE FEE AND APPLICABLE TAXES FOR THE UNLIMITED PLAN OR STORAGE PLAN, USING ANY PAYMENT METHOD WE HAVE ON RECORD FOR YOU. UNLIMITED PLAN AND STORAGE PLAN FEES AND FEATURES MAY CHANGE OVER TIME. HOWEVER, ANY INCREASE IN THE FEE WILL NOT AFFECT THE COST OF YOUR UNLIMITED PLAN OR STORAGE PLAN DURING ITS TERM. YOUR RENEWAL PLAN WILL BE THE ONE WE CHOOSE AS BEING CLOSEST TO YOUR UNLIMITED PLAN OR STORAGE PLAN.

You may cancel the auto renewal of your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan by visiting Amazon Music Settings and adjusting your subscription settings. If you cancel your subscription, you will not receive a refund of any fees already paid.

If you signed up through a third party and are not billed directly by us, then the billing terms provided by the third party will apply to you.

**2.3 Subscription Restrictions**. We reserve the right to accept or refuse subscriptions. You may not transfer or assign your subscription or any benefits from the Unlimited Plan, Music Free Plan, Storage Plan, or Amazon Music (free with ads). You may only use your Individual Unlimited Plan, Unlimited Single Device Plan, or Storage Plan in connection with one Amazon account. Up to six Amazon accounts may be associated with one Family Unlimited Plan.

**3\. RIGHTS AND RESTRICTIONS**.

**3.1 Rights Granted**. You may use the Services only for your personal, non-commercial purposes. You may not use the Services to store, transfer, or distribute content of or on behalf of third parties, to operate your own content application or service, or to resell any part of the Services. We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use Purchased Music, Music Service Content, Matched Music, and any additional Music Content we provide you access to through the Services only for your personal, non-commercial purposes, subject to the Agreement. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, you may not redistribute, transmit, assign, sell, broadcast, rent, share, lend, repurpose, modify, adapt, edit, license or otherwise transfer, or use Purchased Music or Music Service Content. We do not grant you any synchronization, public performance, public display, promotional use, commercial sale, resale, reproduction, or distribution rights for any Music Content. You must comply with all applicable laws and with the terms of any licenses or agreements to which you are bound in your use of the Services.

**3.2 Usage Restrictions**. You may need to register the devices you use with the Services, and we may limit the number of devices you can register, the frequency with which you can change them, and the number of devices from which you can use the Services at any one time. We may impose other restrictions on use of the Services.

**3.3 No Reverse Engineering or Circumvention**. You may not, and you will not encourage, assist, or authorize any other person to, modify, reverse engineer, circumvent, decompile, disassemble, dupe, or otherwise tamper with (a) any methodology we use to identify Music Content on your device and match it to Music Content from our catalog, (b) any methodology we use to protect Music Content, or (c) the Unique Identifiers (defined below).

**3.4 Stored Music**. You are solely responsible for Music Content you import to the Music Library Service, including ensuring that it has been lawfully acquired and that it is free from any malware, viruses, Trojan horses, spyware, worms, or other malicious or harmful code.

We may use, access, and retain Stored Music in order to provide the Music Library Service to you and enforce the terms of the Agreement, and you expressly give us all permissions we need to do so. These permissions include, for example, the rights to copy Stored Music for backup purposes and access Stored Music to provide technical support.

**4\. SOFTWARE AND USAGE**.

**4.1 Use of the Software**. We may make available to you software for your use in connection with the Services ("Software"). Terms contained in the Conditions of Use applicable to you (noted here), apply to your use of the Software. For additional terms that apply to certain third party software, see the Legal Notices section within the Software application.

**4.2 Information Provided to Amazon and Music Content Providers**. The Music Library Service and the Software may scan Music Content on your device and collect information that may be used to identify Music Content on your device, such as the names of songs, artists, and associated metadata. The Music Library Service and the Software will use this information to play back and match Music Content on your device to Music Content from our catalog. The Services and the Software may provide Amazon with information relating to your use and the performance of the Services and the Software, as well as information regarding the devices on which you download and use the Services and the Software. We may provide certain information regarding your use of Music Content, such as your postal code and listening history, to Music Content providers, including record companies. We will provide this information in a manner that is not identifiable to you.

**4.3 Unique Identifiers**. Some record companies require us to insert identifiers in the metadata that accompanies Music Content from these companies that uniquely identify it as Music Content you have received from us ("Unique Identifiers"). This includes Purchased Music and Matched Music. These Unique Identifiers may contain information that can be used to identify you as the owner of the Purchased Music or Matched Music. For example, these Unique Identifiers may include a random number we assign to your order or copy, purchase date and time, an indicator that the Music Content was downloaded from Amazon, codes that identify the album and song (the UPC and ISRC), Amazon's digital signature, an identifier that can be used to determine whether the audio has been modified, and an indicator whether the Music Content was purchased from the Store or imported to the Music Library Service. Music Content sold in the Store that includes these Unique Identifiers is marked on its product detail page. These Unique Identifiers do not affect the playback experience in any way.

**5\. CHANGES. SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION**.

**5.1 Changes**. We may change, suspend, or discontinue the Services, or any part of them, at any time. If we discontinue your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan, and you signed up directly through us, we will give you a prorated refund of any fees paid for your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan. If you signed up through a third party, you may need to contact the third party to receive a refund, if any, under its policies. From time to time, we may add Music Content to or remove it from the Store, Unlimited, Prime Music, or from Amazon Music (free with ads). There may be unusual circumstances where due to legal reasons we may no longer be able to store or provide you access to particular Music Content.

**5.2 Suspension and Termination by Us**. Your rights under the Agreement will automatically terminate without notice if you fail to comply with its terms. We may terminate the Agreement or restrict, suspend, or terminate your use of the Services at any time, including if we determine that your use violates the Agreement, is improper, substantially exceeds or differs from normal use by other users, involves fraud or misuse of the Services, or harms our interests or those of another user of the Services. If your access to the Services is restricted, suspended, or terminated, you may be unable to access the Services and you may not receive any refund of fees or any other compensation.

**5.3 Cancellation by You**. If you signed up directly through us, you may cancel your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan at any time with effect to the end of its term by visiting your Amazon Music Settings, by contacting Amazon customer service, or by using any other cancellation method that we make available to you on your Music Marketplace (noted here). Payment, if any, is non-refundable, even if you did not use the Services.

If your Location is in the European Union, you may cancel your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan by communicating your withdrawal within 14 days of sign up, and if you paid any fee, we will refund it.

If you signed up through a third party, you may need to contact the third party to cancel or receive a refund, if any, under its policies.

**6\. GENERAL**.

**6.1 Reservation of Rights. Waiver**. The Services, Software, and Music Content embody intellectual property that is protected by law. Copyright owners of Purchased Music are intended third-party beneficiaries under the Agreement and may enforce the Agreement against you and invoke all rights under the Agreement including limitations of liability. All licenses granted to you are non-exclusive. Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights.

**6.2 Amendments**. We may amend the Agreement at any time by posting the revised terms on or through the Services or on Music Marketplace sites, but any increase in fees will not affect the cost of your Unlimited Plan or Storage Plan during its term. Your continued use of the Services or the Software after any amendment evidences your agreement to be bound by it.

**6.3 Contact Information. Copyright Notices**. For communications concerning the Agreement, please write to Amazon at the applicable notice address listed here. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow the Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement specified in the Conditions of Use applicable to you (noted here).

**6.4 Severability**. If any term or condition of the Agreement is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining term or condition.

**7\. DISPUTES**.

**7.1 Disputes/ Binding Arbitration/ Conditions of Use**. **Any dispute or claim arising from or relating to the Agreement or the Services is subject to the governing law, disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability, binding arbitration and class action waiver (if applicable), and all other terms in the Conditions of Use applicable to you (noted here).You agree to those terms by entering into the Agreement or using the Services. YOU MAY ALSO BE ENTITLED TO CERTAIN CONSUMER PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER THE LAWS OF YOUR LOCAL JURISDICTION.**

**7.2 Limitation of Liability**. The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability in the Amazon Conditions of Use applicable to you (noted here) applies.

**Gracenote Terms**

This application or device may contain software from Gracenote, Inc. of Emeryville, California ("Gracenote"). The software from Gracenote (the "Gracenote Software") enables this application to perform disc and/or file identification and obtain music-related information ("Gracenote Data") from online servers or embedded databases (collectively, "Gracenote Servers") and to perform other functions. You may use Gracenote Data only by means of the intended end-user functions of this application or device.

This application may contain content belonging to Gracenote's providers. If so, all of the restrictions set forth herein with respect to Gracenote Data shall also apply to such content and such content providers shall be entitled to all of the benefits and protections set forth herein that are available to Gracenote. You agree that you will use Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers for your own personal non-commercial use only. You agree not to assign, copy, transfer or transmit the Gracenote Software or any Gracenote Data to any third party. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OR EXPLOIT GRACENOTE DATA, THE GRACENOTE SOFTWARE, OR GRACENOTE SERVERS, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED HEREIN.

You agree that your non-exclusive license to use the Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers will terminate if you violate these restrictions. If your license terminates, you agree to cease any and all use of the Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and Gracenote Servers. Gracenote reserves all rights in Gracenote Data, the Gracenote Software, and the Gracenote Servers, including all ownership rights. Under no circumstances will Gracenote become liable for any payment to you for any information that you provide. You agree that Gracenote, Inc. may enforce its rights under the Agreement against you directly in its own name.

The Gracenote service uses a unique identifier to track queries for statistical purposes. The purpose of a randomly assigned numeric identifier is to allow the Gracenote service to count queries without knowing anything about who you are. For more information, see the web page for the Gracenote Privacy Policy for the Gracenote service.

The Gracenote Software and each item of Gracenote Data are licensed to you "AS IS." Gracenote makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the accuracy of any Gracenote Data from in the Gracenote Servers. Gracenote reserves the right to delete data from the Gracenote Servers or to change data categories for any cause that Gracenote deems sufficient. No warranty is made that the Gracenote Software or Gracenote Servers are error-free or that functioning of Gracenote Software or Gracenote Servers will be uninterrupted. Gracenote is not obligated to provide you with new enhanced or additional data types or categories that Gracenote may provide in the future and is free to discontinue its services at any time. GRACENOTE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. GRACENOTE DOES NOT WARRANT THE RESULTS THAT WILL BE OBTAINED BY YOUR USE OF THE GRACENOTE SOFTWARE OR ANY GRACENOTE SERVER. IN NO CASE WILL GRACENOTE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUES.

©2011. Gracenote, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Portions of the Music Content available through the Music Library Service are copyright © of Gracenote or its providers.