about\_us\_false\_nav Skip To Content Personal Business Small Business Enterprise Business Wholesale Government About AT&T About Us Go #wrapper #PrimaryNav {margin:0;\*overflow:hidden;} #wrapper #PrimaryNav li. search {float:right;margin-right:20px;line-height:1;} #wrapper #mainNavigation {height:55px !important; \*margin-top:0;} #pp2506 #top\_story { background-image: none; height: 310px; margin-top:10px; } pp2506 AT&T Privacy Policy Privacy Commitments AT&T takes your privacy very seriously. Our customers told us they want to see clear, easy-to-read information about our privacy commitments and policy. We have made our privacy policy easier to find and easier to read. And we're listening. We welcome your questions and feedback on our privacy policy, and invite you to contact us. Our privacy commitments are fundamental to the way we do business every day. These apply to everyone who has a relationship with AT&T — including customers (wireless, Internet, digital TV, and telephone) and Web site visitors. We will protect your privacy and keep your personal information safe. We use powerful encryption and other security safeguards to protect customer data. We will not sell your personal information to anyone, for any purpose. Period. We will fully disclose our privacy policy in plain language, and make our policy easily accessible to you. We will notify you of revisions to our privacy policy, in advance. No surprises. You have choices about how AT&T uses your information for marketing purposes. Customers are in control. We're listening. You can send us questions or feedback on our privacy policy. Print our full policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Careers Contact Us Terms of Use Site Map Accessibility Advertising Choices Broadband Information © AT&T Intellectual Property. All rights reserved. AT&T, the AT&T logo and all other AT&T marks contained herein are trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property and/or AT&T affiliated companies. AT&T36USC220506