**Last Updated: March 22, 2017**

These Terms of Service ("Agreement") along with the AT&T Acceptable Use Policy, the AT&T Privacy Policy, the att.net Terms of Use if you use the att.net portal and/or email ("Site")and the other documents incorporated by reference herein, set forth your obligations, AT&T's obligations, and the rules you must follow when using AT&T Internet (f/k/a AT&T U-verse High Speed Internet), AT&T Internet for Business (f/k/a AT&T U-verse High Speed Internet Business Edition), AT&T High Speed Internet, AT&T High Speed Internet Business Edition, AT&T High Speed Internet Direct, AT&T High Speed Internet Business Edition Direct, AT&T Dial, FastAccess DSL, FastAccess Business DSL, FastAccess Business DSL Direct, Wireless Broadband provided by BellSouth Entertainment, LLC, and/or BellSouth® Dial Internet Service (individually or collectively referred to herein as "Service(s)" or "Internet Service(s)"). "IP Broadband Service" refers to any internet service provided through Internet Protocol technology. "DSL Service" refers to any Internet Service provided through Digital Subscriber Line technology, such as FastAccess DSL, FastAccess Business DSL, and/or FastAccess Business DSL Direct, individually or collectively. "Dial Internet" refers to any Internet Service provided through dial-up Internet access, such as AT&T Dial and/or BellSouth® Dial Internet Service, individually or collectively. "You" or "your" refers to the holder of the Member Account (as defined in Section 3 below) that is the customer of record as well as the holder of any Sub Account (as defined in Section 3 below). **THE DESCRIPTION OF YOUR SERVICE AND OTHER TERMS, SET FORTH IN THE CUSTOMER SERVICE SUMMARY OR ORDER CONFIRMATION LETTER YOU RECEIVED, ARE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS AGREEMENT.**

**PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.** This is a binding agreement between you (the Member Account holder) and the AT&T entity that provides the Service \[1\]. **Your registration, payment for, or use of the Service constitutes your agreement to be bound by the charges, terms, and conditions set forth in this Agreement, including those incorporated by reference into this Agreement.**

**IMPORTANT: THIS AGREEMENT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. PARAGRAPH 13 REQUIRES ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS. PARAGRAPH 18 LIMITS AT&T'S LIABILITY. ARBITRATION TERMS FOR BUSINESS CUSTOMERS ARE SET FORTH ON SCHEDULE 1 HERETO, WHICH IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS AGREEMENT. PLEASE READ THE TERMS APPLICABLE TO YOU CAREFULLY.**

This Agreement is based on four general principles. First, AT&T supports our customers' right to free expression. Second, AT&T will give our customers clear notice of any meaningful limitations on the Services. Third, AT&T will give our customers clear information about the experience they can expect when using the Services. Fourth, AT&T will provide consumer Internet access service in discrete, non-overlapping speed tiers.

1\. Changes to this Agreement

From time to time, we may change this Agreement. We will provide you with notice of material changes via either your Member Account e-mail address or any other email address you provide, posting online at https://www.att.com/internet-terms, recorded announcement, bill message, bill insert, newspaper ad, postcard, letter, or call to your billed telephone number or U.S. mail. It is your responsibility to check for any such notices. Your continued subscription to the Service after the effective date of the change constitutes your acceptance of such changes.

2\. Internet Service a. _Service Description._

Internet Service is composed of narrowband or broadband access to Internet, and offers you a capability for acquiring or retrieving information from. generating, storing, transforming, processing, or utilizing information on. or making available information to other Internet end points connected directly or indirectly to AT&T's network. Because the Internet consists of multiple interconnected networks and most Internet end points (e.g., websites and other content providers) are not directly connected to AT&T's network, AT&T must connect to and exchange traffic with other networks to provide its subscribers the capability of uploading data to or downloading data from Internet end points that are connected to those networks. To that end, AT&T has entered into commercially negotiated agreements to exchange traffic with such networks on mutually agreeable terms. Consistent with its longstanding practice, AT&T does not warrant that it will establish or expand the connections between its network and other networks except on such mutually agreeable terms. To the extent AT&T is unable to reach agreement on terms of interconnection or network expansion with these other networks it could affect your service These impacts on your service performance are described in more detail in AT&T's Open Internet notice. AT&T therefore makes no promise express or implied that you will be able to upload data to or download data from Internet end points connected to other networks at any particular speed.

Like the other networks that make up the Internet, AT&T's is a shared network, which means that the transmission links and other network resources used to provide the Service are shared among AT&T's subscribers. AT&T manages this network for the benefit of all users based on a variety of factors, and our technical expertise.

b. _Speed, Service Capability Speed Ranges, and Conditions that May Impact Service Performance._

AT&T offers many broadband service options, each of which has a different service capability speed range. The term speed is commonly used as a shorthand way to describe the capacity at which a particular broadband internet access service can transmit data. This capacity is typically measured in the number of kilobits, megabits or gigabits that can be transmitted in one second (Kbps, Mbps or Gbps). Some applications like a short email without attachments or basic web browsing do not require high service capability speeds to function optimally, while other activities like transferring large data files can be performed faster with higher-speed services. Your service capability speed may not be suitable for some applications, particularly those involving real-time or near real-time, high-bandwidth uses such as streaming video or video conferencing.

The current speed ranges AT&T offers may be found at https://att.net/speedtiers, which identifies the downstream and upstream rates at which your line transfers internet access data between the network interface device at your home, office or apartment building to the point you connect to AT&T's network. Our wired broadband Internet access customers should expect to see service capability speeds within the speed tier of their service plan. For example, a customer with AT&T Internet Basic 6 should expect service capability download speeds between 3.1Mbps and 6.0 Mbps between the network interface device at your premises and the point you connect to AT&T's network. The high-end of this range represents expected maximum speed capabilities. For more information about how AT&T helps transmit your information to points on the Internet, how AT&T manages the network, broadband options, including different service capability and expected and actual speed ranges, device attachment rules, activities which may impair or degrade your internet experience and for additional information regarding network practices with respect to data usage caps related to AT&T Broadband Internet access services, please visit att.com/broadbandinfo.

Because service performance varies on an end-to-end basis, AT&T's service capability speeds are limited to, and measured between, your location and a point on AT&T's network, which constitutes only one segment of the end to end transmission path connecting the end user to Internet websites or content providers. End-to-end performance of your Service depends on a variety of factors, including (but not limited to): the number of subscribers simultaneously using the network. customer location. destination and traffic on the Internet. Wi-Fi connectivity. interference with high frequency spectrum on your telephone line. wiring inside your premises, office or apartment. the capacity or performance of your devices or modem. the server with which you are communicating. internal network management factors (including Overhead, which refers to the various control and signaling data required to achieve the reliable transmission of Internet access data). and the networks you and others are using when communicating. In addition, your use of other AT&T services (such as U-verse TV, AT&T Phone, Unified Messaging and other services) that share the capacity of your broadband connection with the Service may impact the amount of capacity available for your use of the Service at that particular time and thus affect the performance of the Service. Consequently, AT&T does not guarantee the performance of your service on an end-to-end basis.

c. _IP Addresses_

AT&T Internet Service is provided with a dynamic Internet Protocol ("IP") address, a static IP address, multiple static IP address service (as applicable), or a privately managed IP address utilizing CGN (Carrier Gateway NAT) technology, at AT&T's sole discretion. Static IP addresses are not available with all speeds. The dynamic IP address is a single Internet address intended for use with a single Member Account and any associated Sub Accounts. The static IP address or multiple static IP address is intended for use with a single computer or a network of computer/servers. You may not use the Service in a manner that is inconsistent with these intended uses. AT&T Internet services will support both IPV6 and IPV4 Internet addresses. however, to reach IPv6-exclusive Internet content, some of your equipment may require upgrades or replacement. AT&T Dial service supports IPV4 only: It does not support IPV6. For more information about IPv6 and how it affects you, visit att.com/ipv6.

d. _Availability._

The Service is not available in all areas, and may not be available at certain speeds (or at all) at your location, even if our initial testing indicated that your line qualified for a particular speed or Service.

e. _Service Changes._

AT&T reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service (including rates and charges), temporarily or permanently. If AT&T makes a change that would have a material impact on your Service, AT&T will give you notice. The terms and conditions for temporary changes, if any, will be included in the notice and incorporated by reference into this Agreement at: www.att.com/temporaryterms. Your continued subscription to the Service after the effective date of the change constitutes your acceptance of the changes and the associated terms and conditions. In lieu of notice and website posting, AT&T may instead, at its sole discretion, require customers to enter into an agreement with AT&T regarding temporary material changes.

f. _Conversion from DSL service to AT&T Internet service._

When AT&T is able to provision AT&T Internet Service at your location, we may, in our discretion, discontinue your DSL service and make available to you AT&T Internet at the then applicable rates, terms and conditions, which may differ from your previous DSL Service rates, terms and conditions (including Bundle Discounts). If you are on a Term Plan and your price will increase as a result of this conversion, you will not have to pay any applicable early termination fee ("ETF") if you elect to cancel DSL Service.

Your new AT&T Internet will require different customer premises equipment ("CPE"). When you are selected for conversion, we will provide at least thirty days notice of the discontinuation or suspension of your service via e-mail, direct mail, bill page message, or bill insert. Thirty days after such notice, we may at our sole discretion, either disconnect your service, or temporarily suspend your service for up to fifteen days.

g. _Data Usage._

The data plan you purchased, which contains either an unlimited data allowance or a monthly data usage allowance with overage charges for usage in excess of your allowance, is set forth in the Customer Service Summary or Order Confirmation Letter you received. Use of certain services, including but not limited to digital TV features and apps, AT&T Digital Life, home security, home automation and medical alarm systems, will count towards your Internet data usage allowance. For additional information regarding your residential AT&T Internet Service, including management of your data usage, as well as information about other data plans that you might consider, please refer to att.com/internet-usage. (This paragraph is not applicable to Business customers.)

h. _Wi-Fi Hot Spots (For Internet)._

AT&T Wi-Fi Hot Spots may be available to you as part of the Service, and the AT&T Wi-Fi Hot Spots will provide you with access to the Internet via certain AT&T Internet access points (Locations). Primarily, this access is provided via a Wi-Fi network using an IEEE 802.11 standard. To access the Wi-Fi Hot Spots, you must have a device that is compatible with the specific Wi-Fi equipment deployed at a Location. Access to the Hot Spots is intended for the limited purposes of assisting with access to the public Internet for e-mail and web browsing or other purposes consistent with the AT&T Wi-Fi Terms of Service, which may be found at att.com/legal/terms.wiFiServices.html. In order to gain access to the Internet at a Location, You may need your Member account information including your Member ID. If you are also an AT&T Mobility customer, you may auto-authenticate at certain Locations without the use of your Member ID. The AT&T Wi-Fi Terms of Service will govern your use of AT&T Wi-Fi Hot Spots.

i. _Business Customers._

Additional terms and conditions specifically applicable to Business customers are set forth in Schedule 1 hereto.

3\. Registration and Membership

When you complete the registration process for the Service, you become the "Member Account" holder. You must be 18 years or older to be a Member Account holder. You will be asked to choose a unique "Member ID" for your account. Member Account holders may also create up to ten accounts with separate login credentials that are linked to the Member Account (each a "Sub Account"). Each Sub Account will also be required to accept this Agreement and complete the Sub Account registration. The Member Account holder is responsible for all activity associated with the Member Account and any of its Sub Accounts, including all fees and charges, whether the charges are incurred by the Member Account or the Sub Accounts. Use of Member ID subjects you to the **AT&T Access ID Terms and Conditions** (available at www.att.com/accessidterms), which are incorporated herein by reference.

All information that you provide to AT&T must be accurate, including your name, address, credit or charge card numbers and expiration dates, and any payment information ("Registration Data"). You are responsible for keeping all Registration Data accurate and must provide changes promptly to the AT&T Member Center by going to https://start.att.net/membercenter.

4\. Pricing a. _Term Plans, Bundle Discounts._

When you purchased the Service, you agreed to specific price and plan, which may have included a term for the Service of one or more years ("Term Plan"). Similarly, some plans may offer a discount on the Service if you sign up for other AT&T services ("Bundle Discount"). You agree to maintain your Service and any bundled services for the applicable term of the Term Plan or Bundle Discount, as applicable. If you signed up for a Term Plan or a Bundle Discount, the price under the applicable plans is valid until one of the following events occurs, at which time the price of your Service may revert to the then-existing price for such Service: (1) the term of your plan expires. (2) you change your current Service address to another Service address. (3) you drop one of the AT&T services that you were required to purchase to receive the special rate. or (4) AT&T exercises a right under this Agreement to terminate your Member Account's (or any associated Sub Account's) use of the Service.

b. _Dial-up Access Options and Toll Charges._

AT&T will provide telephone numbers to connect to or register for the Service. Depending on location, local access numbers for dial-up Internet access may not be available in your area. Even access numbers in your area code may result in toll, usage, or long distance charges. Please check with your local phone company to determine whether additional charges apply. You are responsible for selecting the best number for you and for all telephone fees and charges associated with the use of the telephone number you select. In no event will AT&T be responsible for any telephone fees or charges incurred as a result of the telephone number you select. Use of the Service (or portions thereof) and of specific telephone numbers is subject to change or interruption at the telecommunication company's or at AT&T's discretion.

5\. Termination or Cancellation of Service a. _Your Decision to Terminate or Continue Service._

You may cancel your Service, but if you do so before the end of any applicable term, you will be subject to the early termination fee associated with that plan as specified in your Customer Service Summary or Order Confirmation Letter. At the conclusion of your term, or at all times if you did not agree to a Term Plan, your continued Service will be provided on a month-to-month basis. If you elect to continue Service on a month-to-month basis, you should review the then current Agreement regularly at att.com/internet-terms.The then current Agreement will govern your Service. Your election to continue Service represents your agreement to the then current Agreement. When you cancel your Service, your account ID email address will remain active, as will all email subaccounts you have created. The email accounts may be accessed from the att.net Web site.

b. _Service Suspension/Termination by AT&T._

AT&T may immediately terminate or suspend your Member Account and Sub Accounts, and all or a portion of your Service without notice for any of the reasons set forth in AT&T's Acceptable Use Policy, or if: (a) you provide false or inaccurate information to AT&T. (b) you (or a Sub Account associated with your Member ID) violate this Agreement or the AT&T Acceptable Use Policy. (c) you (or a Sub Account associated with your Member ID) engage in conduct that is a violation of any law, regulation or tariff (including, without limitation, copyright and intellectual property laws). or (d) if you engage in conduct that is threatening, abusive or harassing to AT&T, employees or any of their vendor's employees or representatives, including, for example, making threats to physically harm or damage employee or company property. frequent use of profane or vulgar language. or repeatedly contacting our customer service representatives for reasons that do not pertain to our provisioning, maintenance, repair or general servicing of your Service after you have been asked to stop such conduct. You may also be subject to suspension or termination pursuant to Section 6 below. If we terminate your Service and you have a term commitment, we may charge you an early termination fee in addition to any other rights that we reserve in other provisions of this Agreement.

If we terminate or suspend your Service, your license to use any software provided in connection with the Service is also terminated or suspended (as applicable). If your Service is terminated, AT&T has the right to immediately delete all data, files, and other information stored in or for your account without further notice to you. You must pay all charges for the Service through the date of termination. Should you wish to resume Service after any suspension, a restoral of service fee may apply. This fee is in addition to all past due charges and other fees.

c. _Suspension and Termination for Non-payment._

AT&T may suspend or terminate Service if your payment is past due. While your Service is suspended, billing will continue for your monthly charges. If AT&T suspends your service for non-payment, you must pay all past due amounts in order to have service restored, and you may also, at AT&T's sole discretion, be required to pay a service restoral fee.

d. _Termination of Local Wireline Voice Service._

If you change or terminate your AT&T local wireline voice service, we may in our discretion either terminate your DSL service or continue to provide it at the then-current rates, terms and conditions. You agree to pay any new or higher monthly fees that may apply to your new DSL service after termination of the wireline voice service. If AT&T elects to terminate your DSL service, we reserve the right to charge any applicable early termination fees.

e. _Termination of Dial Service._

Monthly recurring charges for Dial service are not prorated. If you disconnect, cancel, move to another price plan or are suspended by AT&T prior to month end, you will be charged for the entire month of Service. If you upgrade your AT&T Dial service to an AT&T Internet Service your Dial charges will be prorated.

6\. Payment

You agree to pay in full each month: (1) the monthly fee specified when you ordered your Service. (2) any charge(s) for equipment required for your Service. (3) activation fees, connection and/or installation charges, if any. (4) late fees, Service restoration fees, and other applicable Service charges. and (4) any applicable taxes, recovery fees and surcharges that AT&T pays to municipalities and other governmental entities and may pass on to you. For a list of additional fees that could apply to the Service, please see Schedule 2 (Consumer Fee Schedule) or Schedule 3 (Business Fee Schedule), which are incorporated by reference.

a. _Credit Check / Advance Payments &. Deposits._

Service customers give us permission to obtain their credit information from consumer credit reporting agencies at any time. If we determine that you may be a credit risk due to: (1) unsatisfactory credit rating. (2) insufficient credit history. (3) fraudulent or abusive use of any AT&T services within the last five years. or (4) late payments for current or prior bills, we may refuse to provide the Services or we may require an advance payment, a non-refundable payment, and/or deposit. Interest will not be paid on advance payments or deposits unless required by law. We may require special payment terms such as additional advance payments or deposits if we determine that the initial payment was inadequate. We may establish limits and restrict your Service or features as we deem appropriate. If your account balance goes beyond the limit we set for you, we may immediately interrupt or suspend your Service until your balance is brought below the limit. Any charges you incur in excess of your limit become immediately due. Upon determination solely by AT&T of satisfactory payment history or as required by law, AT&T may begin refunding of deposits through bill credits, cash payments, or as otherwise determined solely by AT&T.

b. _Billing._

If you choose to self-install the Service, billing will begin when Service is provisioned by AT&T, whether or not you have installed and begun to use the Service. If you choose to have a technician install the Service, billing will begin when the installation is complete, unless you initially select to self-install, and subsequently ask for a technician installation (in which case, billing will begin when Service is provisioned by AT&T).

c. _Method of Payment._

Your monthly charges may be billed via a monthly AT&T bill or to a credit card. Credit card billing is not available for AT&T High Speed Internet Direct. AT&T Internet customers will automatically receive an online bill (see below), unless you specifically notify us that you want to receive a paper bill by calling either of the following two numbers (as applicable to you): Consumer 1-800-ATT-2020. Business: 1-800-321-2000.

d. _Credit Card Billing._

You may be asked to provide us with a credit card number from a card issuer that we accept in order to activate your Service. You hereby authorize AT&T to charge and/or place a hold on your credit card with respect to any unpaid charges for your Services or any related equipment. You authorize the issuer of the credit card to pay any amounts described herein without requiring a signed receipt, and you agree that this Agreement shall be accepted as authorization to the issuer of the credit card to pay any amounts described herein without requiring a signed receipt, and you agree that this Agreement shall be accepted as authorization to the issuer of the credit card to pay all such amounts. You authorize AT&T and/or any other company who bills products or services, or acts as billing agent for AT&T to continue to attempt to charge and/or place holds with respect to all sums described herein, or any portion thereof, to your credit card until such amounts are paid in full. You agree to provide AT&T with updated credit card information upon AT&T's request and any time the information you previously provided is no longer valid. You acknowledge and agree that neither AT&T nor any AT&T affiliated company will have any liability whatsoever for any non-sufficient funds or other charges incurred by you as a result of such attempts to charge, and/or place holds on, your credit card. If you mistakenly provide a debit card number, instead of a credit card number, you authorize all charges described herein to be applied to such debit card unless and until you provide a credit card number. In the event you are enrolled, or later enroll, in an automatic payment or electronic funds transfer plan, you agree that all sums described herein may be charged, at AT&T's option, to the account number provided for such automatic payment or electronic funds transfer plan. When payment is made by credit card or debit card, payment will also be subject to the terms and conditions established by the credit or debit card issuer. If charges cannot be processed through your credit card, or if your bank draft or electronic funds transfer is returned for insufficient funds, we will charge you an additional fee. For a list of additional fees that could apply to the Service, please see Schedule 2 (Consumer Fee Schedule) or Schedule 3 (Business Fee Schedule), which are incorporated by reference.

e. _Online Billing for AT&T Internet Members._

You must register online to establish a personal myAT&T account and provide a billing email address. You will then be able to view and pay your bill online by logging on to your personal myAT&T account (username and password required).

You understand that you have sole responsibility for the security of your password and you are solely responsible for notifying AT&T if your password is lost or stolen. AT&T is not liable for any claims, costs, damages, or expenses arising from a lost misplaced, or stolen password. If you have forgotten your password or want to change your password for any reason, you may request to reset your password online. It is your responsibility to notify AT&T immediately if your contact information changes.

f. _Late Payment Charge and Dishonored Check or Other Instrument Fee._

You agree that for each bill not paid in full by the payment due date, a late payment charge will be assessed, and if your Service is suspended for non-payment, we may charge you a Restoral Fee to resume Service. You will be charged a fee for any check or other instrument (including credit card charge backs) returned unpaid for any reason. For a list of additional fees that could apply to the Service, please see Schedule 2 (Consumer Fee Schedule) or Schedule 3 (Business Fee Schedule), which are incorporated by reference.

g. _Bill Inquiries and Refunds._

If you believe you have been billed in error for your Services or any related equipment, please notify us within 60 days of the billing date by contacting Customer Service (Consumer 1-800-288-2020. Business 1-800-321-2000). AT&T will not issue refunds or credits after the expiration of this 60-day period, except where required by law or regulation. Any amounts refunded in the form of bill credits, cash payments or any other form shall be inclusive of all applicable taxes, fees and surcharges that were originally paid on such amounts. Credit amounts, such as customer loyalty rewards, that do not represent a refund of, or a discount to, the price paid for any good or service will not result in the refund of any tax, fee, or surcharge previously paid by the customer.

h. _Refunds._

Any amounts refunded in the form of bill credits, cash payments or any other form shall be inclusive of all applicable taxes that were originally paid on such amounts.

7\. Equipment &. Software

Other than the equipment and/or software provided to you by AT&T for use with the Service, you must provide all equipment, devices and software necessary to receive the Service. Any equipment or software that was not provided to you by AT&T, including batteries, is not the responsibility of AT&T. and AT&T will not provide support for, or be responsible for ongoing maintenance of such equipment. Any AT&T-provided modem, router or gateway will be either a new or a fully inspected and tested refurbished unit. Regardless of whether the equipment used to access your Service (modem, gateway, etc.) is owned by you or AT&T, AT&T reserves the right to manage such equipment for the duration of your Service, and retains exclusive rights to data generated by the equipment. Neither you nor a third party may change, interfere with, or block access to equipment the data or settings.

AT&T will repair or replace damaged equipment as AT&T deems necessary. You understand that repair or replacement of equipment may delete stored content, reset personal settings or otherwise alter the functionality of such equipment. You will be responsible for payment of service charges for visits by AT&T or its subcontractors to your premises when a service request results from causes not attributable to AT&T or its subcontractors, including, but not limited to, when you are unwilling to complete troubleshooting steps requested by AT&T. If you own the equipment or if the equipment is damaged due to your intentional acts or negligence as determined by AT&T, you will be responsible for the price of repair or replacement. You will provide AT&T and its subcontractors with reasonable access to your premises in order to install, maintain, and repair the Service and you authorize any other adult resident or guest at your residence to grant access to your premises for these purposes. You understand and agree that AT&T may drill, cut, and otherwise alter improvements on the premises (including walls, flooring, and/or other surfaces) in order to install, maintain, or repair the Service. If you do not own your premises or your unit is part of a multi-tenant environment (e.g., apartment building, condominium, private subdivision), you warrant that you have obtained permission from any necessary party, including but not limited to the owner, landlord, or building manager, to allow AT&T and its subcontractors reasonable access to install, maintain, and repair the Service and to make any alterations AT&T deems appropriate for the work to be performed.

You acknowledge that AT&T may use existing wiring, including altering the wiring and removing accessories, located within your unit ("Inside Wiring"). You warrant that you own or control the Inside Wiring, and give AT&T permission to use, alter, and remove equipment from, such wiring. Without limiting any other provisions of this TOS, you agree to indemnify AT&T from and against all claims by an owner, landlord, building manager, or other party in connection with installation, maintenance, repair, or provision of the Services

a. _Additional Equipment Information for AT&T Internet Customers._

AT&T will make available to you certain equipment (which may include a modem/gateway located inside your premises, or Optical Network Terminal ("ONT") which is a box that may be located inside your premises, on the outside of your premises, a central location in a multi-tenant building, or in your garage, where AT&T's fiber network terminates or an Intelligent Network Interface Device ("iNID") (which provide your services if you do not have a gateway), all of which is herein collectively referred to as "Internet Equipment"), required for your Service. If you have not purchased Internet Equipment from AT&T or if previously purchased Internet Equipment is beyond the one (1) year warranty period (from date of installation) and requires replacement, then you agree to pay a monthly equipment fee for the Internet Equipment, as part of your purchase of or continued use of the Service and/or other AT&T services. Equipment fee/Purchase options depend on the AT&T Services and/or rate plans you order and the installation options you choose.

The AT&T Equipment requires electrical power from your premises to operate, which you are responsible for providing. If there is a gateway at your premises, AT&T will not provide an initial gateway battery backup unit or an initial backup battery. For Consumer Dial customers only, if there is an ONT located on the outside of your premises and you are the first customer at the premises to order AT&T services, AT&T will install an initial ONT power supply unit and provide an initial backup battery for the ONT power supply box. For all other Consumer customers and all Business customers, if there is an ONT anywhere on your premises, a battery backup will not be provided by AT&T. Any backup battery solution other than that stated herein is your responsibility. You may choose to purchase battery backup for your Equipment from third party manufacturers or retailers. For more information and minimum specifications visit att.com/batterybackup.

You also agree to be solely responsible for determining when backup batteries for any AT&T Equipment require replacement and for replacing and recycling used batteries. You agree to read and follow all manufacturer or vendor directions for the replacement and recycling of backup batteries. For more information and minimum specifications visit att.com/batterybackup.

Note that AT&T Equipment without battery backup will not function in the event of a loss of customer supplied power. This will disrupt your Internet Service (excluding Dial Internet and DSL Service) as well as any additional services that use the AT&T connection for transport (e.g. Voice over IP including e911). AT&T will have no liability for loss of any Service(s) in the event of interruption of customer supplied power, with or without battery backup present in the AT&T equipment.

Tampering with the AT&T Equipment, or attempting to connect the equipment to other hardware, will be treated as damage due to your intentional acts or negligence. You agree that you will use the equipment only for its intended use, and not for any other purpose (such as on another AT&T network, or on another provider's (non-AT&T) network).

You agree to notify AT&T immediately, in writing or by calling the AT&T customer support line, if the Internet Equipment is stolen or if you become aware at any time that Services are being stolen or fraudulently used. When you call or write, you must provide a detailed description of the circumstances of the theft, including documentation of theft or fraudulent use of the AT&T Equipment or Services (such as a copy of a police report). You will be responsible for all charges incurred until you report the theft or fraudulent use. You will also be responsible for stolen AT&T Equipment not owned by you, however, AT&T may in its sole discretion waive or reduce charges upon submission of documentation of theft or other circumstances. Failure to provide notice to AT&T of theft in a timely manner may result in the termination of your Services and additional charges to you. Unless notified otherwise by AT&T, after you report the theft or fraudulent use of the Services, you will remain responsible for paying your monthly fees for Services not stolen or fraudulently used.

Return of equipment: if your Service is provided by an iNID, you must return the TV receivers. You should not return the iNID home networking hub, (Model# j38HG) or the ONT. All other unowned AT&T equipment must be returned to AT&T undamaged, within twenty one (21) calendar days after your Service is terminated for any reason. If equipment is not returned within twenty one (21) calendar days, or is returned damaged, you will be charged a Non-Return Equipment Fee. We may retain any advance payment or deposit, or portion thereof that previously had not been refunded, if you fail to return the AT&T Equipment within this time period. If all AT&T Equipment is returned within six (6) months of termination, any fees charged for such AT&T Equipment will be refunded (other than fees for damages). No refunds will be made for AT&T Equipment returned more than six (6) months after termination. This Paragraph also applies if your existing equipment is replaced or upgraded for any reason.

8\. Account Security

You will receive a password associated with your Member ID upon completing the Service registration process. You agree to keep confidential all passwords, IP addresses, and computer names and are solely responsible for any liability or damages resulting from your failure to maintain that confidentiality. You are also solely and fully responsible and liable for all activities that occur under your password, Member ID or IP address. You agree to do all of the following: (a) immediately notify AT&T if you suspect any breach of security such as loss, theft, Public Use or unauthorized disclosure or use of your Member Account or Sub Account, password, Member ID, or any credit or charge card number provided to AT&T by calling:

1.866.722.3425 for AT&T Dial subscribers,

1.877.722.3755 for AT&T High Speed Internet subscribers, and AT&T High Speed Internet Direct (Business and Consumer),

1.800.ATT.2020 for AT&T Internet consumer subscribers,

1.800.321.2000 for AT&T Internet for Business, AT&T High Speed Internet Business Edition, AT&T High Speed Internet Business Edition Direct,

1.888.321.2375 for FastAccess Business DSL and FastAccess Business DSL Direct subscribers, FastAccess DSL, and BellSouth Dial Internet subscribers (Business and Consumer).

(b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. and (c) periodically change your password. There is a risk that other users may attempt to access your computer through the Internet or connected networks. You acknowledge this risk as inherent to the shared nature of the Service and you agree to take full responsibility for taking adequate security precautions and safeguarding your data from loss.

9\. Third Party Services

The Service may permit access to products, services, websites, advertisements, and content ("Third Party Content and Services") from advertisers, publishers, vendors and other third parties ("Third Parties"). Your use of Third Party Content and Services may be subject to additional terms of use set by the Third Parties. YOUR USE OF THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION. AT&T does not investigate, monitor, represent, endorse or publish the Third Party Content and Services. Furthermore, AT&T does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, statement or other information provided by any Third Party, or represent or warrant that your use of any Third Party Content or Services will not infringe the rights of third parties. AT&T reserves the right to restrict or deny access to any Third Party Content and Services otherwise accessible through the Service. AT&T shall have no liability to you arising out of or in connection with your access to and use (or misuse) of the Third Party Content and Services.

**You may have previously been given the option to combine your Member ID with a user account or ID that was created in connection with certain Third Party Content and Services (a "Third Party ID") to enable single sign on to the Site. In AT&T's sole discretion, AT&T may elect to separate your Member ID from the Third Party ID. In such case, use of the Third Party ID will no longer enable you to authenticate into the Site or any other AT&T digital properties, and you will need to use your Member ID, Access ID or another ID that was created via AT&T, which was not combined with a Third Party ID, to access the Site or any other AT&T digital properties. Continued access and use of any Third Party Content and Services or Third Party ID will be subject to the terms of use provided by the applicable third party.**

10\. Restrictions on Use

Your use of the Service is subject to the AT&T Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP") which may be viewed at https://www.att.com/aup and is hereby incorporated into the Agreement as though fully set forth herein. In accordance with the AUP, AT&T reserves the right to deny, disconnect, modify and/or terminate, without notice, the Member Account or the Service provided by AT&T to any customer whose use of the service violates the AUP. Examples of violations of the AUP include, but are not limited to: (i) unlawful activities, (ii) violation of intellectual property rights, (iii) publication or dissemination of threatening material, (iv) inappropriate interaction with minors, (v) Spam/E-mail/Usenet abuse, (vi) uses which are harmful to or interfere with the use of AT&T's network or systems, or the network of any other provider, (vii) uses which interfere with the use or enjoyment of the Services received by others, (viii) uses that constitutes a security risk or a violation of privacy. In addition, AT&T reserves the right to terminate or suspend the Service for any of the reasons set forth in the AUP, including when AT&T reasonably determines that your use of the Service (including use by others under a Master Account or any Sub Account) may expose AT&T to sanctions, prosecution, civil action or any other liability, See the AUP for a more detailed discussion of the policy.

a. _No Resale._

The Service is provided for your use only (unless otherwise specifically stated) and you agree not to, whether for a fee or without charge, reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, transfer, trade, resell, re-provision, redistribute, or rent the Service, your membership in the Service, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service, including, but not limited to, reselling capabilities enabled or used by a specific application (including, without limitation, Voice Over Internet Protocol (VOIP) via wired, wireless or other means. For example, you agree that the Service is not to be used to trunk or facilitate public internet access ("Hotspots") or any other public use of the Service, or for any high volume purpose. All aspects of the Service, except that portion provided by third party providers, is copyrighted and property of AT&T.

b. _Copyright Infringement &. Digital Millennium Copyright Act._

You are prohibited from infringing, publishing, submitting, copying, uploading, downloading, posting, transmitting, reproducing, or distributing software, video or audio content, or any other material that is protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, any other type of intellectual property rights, trademark laws (by rights of privacy or publicity) or other proprietary right of any party unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to do the same. This prohibition includes the use of any material or information including images or photographs that are made available through the Service(s). **AT&T assumes no responsibility, and you assume all risks, regarding the determination of whether material is in the public domain, or may otherwise be used by you for such purposes.**

AT&T respects the intellectual property rights of others. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") and other applicable laws, AT&T has adopted and maintains a policy that provides for termination of Service in appropriate circumstances of the account(s) of customers who are repeat copyright infringers. AT&T may limit, suspend or terminate your service at any time with or without notice to you.

If you believe the copyright to your work has been infringed in connection with an AT&T service that involves system caching, information residing on systems or networks at the direction of users, or information location tools as described in 17 U.S.C. §§ 512(b)–(d), please provide the information listed at https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html to the designated agent listed at https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html. AT&T has no obligation to investigate possible copyright infringements with respect to materials transmitted on its systems. However, AT&T will process valid notifications of claimed infringement under the DMCA. For further information regarding such notifications, see https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html.

AT&T also maintains the AT&T Copyright Alert Program that allows copyright holders to notify AT&T of claimed infringement occurring on AT&T's transitory digital network communications services pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(a). Under the program, content owners may submit notifications to AT&T of alleged copyright infringement based on information they have independently collected by joining peer-to-peer networks, in accordance with the industry standard Automated Copyright Notice System. AT&T then will attempt to identify a subscriber account if the content owner has detected an IP address utilized by an AT&T subscriber and forward a copyright alert to the subscriber account, advising the account holder of the allegation and providing information about online copyright infringement. If a subscriber receives additional alerts, we may temporarily redirect the account holder's broadband Internet access service to a webpage where the account holder must review material on the importance of copyright and the lawful use of content available over the Internet. Upon completion of this review, such redirection will be discontinued and the subscriber's service will be restored to normal. After this stage, if a subscriber continues to receive additional alerts, AT&T may take further action consistent with 17 U.S.C. § 512(i), which may ultimately result in termination of the subscriber/accountholder's broadband Internet access service. Account holders' personally identifiable information is protected throughout this process — AT&T will not provide such information to content owners unless required to do so by court order. For more information about AT&T's Copyright Alert Program, please go to: https://copyright.att.net/home.

AT&T's policies may be revised from time to time and, in addition, AT&T may in its sole discretion voluntarily participate, on terms acceptable to AT&T, in copyright alert and graduated response programs with other stakeholders.

c. _Use by Children._

AT&T is concerned about the safety and privacy of all its users, particularly children. For this reason, children under the age of 13 should not be permitted to access the Service unless added as a Sub Account by a Member Account holder who is their legal guardian. You understand that by adding a child to your Member Account, you are giving your child access to features that are available as part of the Service (including email, message boards, clubs, and instant messages) and the Internet. Please remember that the Service is designed to appeal to a broad audience. It is your responsibility to determine whether the features provided through the Service are appropriate for a minor.

AT&T suggests that you take advantage of the access controls offered with the Service, which allow you, as the Member Account holder, to block access to certain types of web content you may feel are inappropriate for minors. However, AT&T also recommends that you remain diligent in the supervision of any minors in their use of the Service and the Internet. Access controls provided through the Service are intended as a guide only. Neither AT&T nor its licensors can be responsible for any content accessed by you or minors, whether or not you take advantage of the access controls provided through the Service. In addition, neither AT&T nor its licensors guarantee the accuracy of such access controls, and you agree that you will not hold AT&T liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of such access controls.

d. _Network Management._

AT&T reserves the right to engage in reasonable network management practices, to protect its broadband network from harm, compromised capacity, degradation in network performance or service levels, or uses of the Service which may adversely impact access to or the use of the Service by other customers. Reasonable network management practices that AT&T may adopt include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) a cap on data usage. (ii) a modification of a customer's serving facility or service technology, and/or (iii) a modification of or a limitation on a customer's data throughput speed or data consumption.

A very small percentage of customers use the Service in a way which creates harm to the network, compromised capacity, degradation in network performance or service levels, or which may adversely impact access to or the use of the Service by other customers. In the event that AT&T adopts a network management practice which will apply to your Service, we will provide you with a notice, by web posting, bill insert, email, letter and/or other appropriate means, which describes the network management practice, explains how it will work, and explains how it could impact your Service.

11\. Data Management: Content a. _Data Management._

You are responsible for management of your information including but not limited to back-up and restoration of data, erasing data from disk space you control and changing data on or settings for your modem and/or router. AT&T is not responsible for the loss of your data or for the back-up or restoration of your data regardless of whether this data is maintained on our servers or your computer server.

b. _Content._

You, and not AT&T, are entirely responsible for all content that you upload, download, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available by use of the Service.

c. _DNS Language Assist._

If you enter an incomplete or inaccurate web address, instead of providing only an error message, AT&T will automatically search for similar or related terms and present you with suggested sites you may want to reach. AT&T and our partners do not retain this information, nor do we your retain information for any other purpose. If you prefer to opt out of this service, you may do so by visiting https://www.att.com/cmpchoice from your desktop or from your mobile web browser.

12\. Privacy Policies

Your use of the Service and registration data and certain other information about you, are subject to the respective privacy policies of AT&T. This policy is available at: att.com/privacy.

13\. DISPUTE RESOLUTION WITH AT&T BY BINDING ARBITRATION

**PLEASE READ THIS CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS.** Consumer Customers: See Arbitration sections below. Business Customers: See Schedule 1.

Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's satisfaction by calling our customer service department at 1-800-288-2020. **In the unlikely event that AT&T's customer service department is unable to resolve a complaint you may have to your satisfaction (or if AT&T has not been able to resolve a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes through binding arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general jurisdiction.** Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. **Any arbitration under this Agreement will take place on an individual basis. class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.** For any non-frivolous claim that does not exceed $75,000, AT&T will pay all costs of the arbitration. Moreover, in arbitration you are entitled to recover attorneys' fees from AT&T to at least the same extent as you would be in court.

In addition, under certain circumstances (as explained below), AT&T will pay you more than the amount of the arbitrator's award and will pay your attorney (if any) twice his or her reasonable attorneys' fees if the arbitrator awards you an amount that is greater than what AT&T has offered you to settle the dispute.

**_Arbitration Agreement_**

1.  AT&T and you agree to arbitrate **all disputes and claims** between you and AT&T. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted. It includes, but is not limited to:
    
    *   claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory;
    *   claims that arose before this or any prior Agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);
    *   claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class. and
    *   claims that may arise after the termination of this Agreement.
    
    References to "AT&T", "you", and "us" include our respective subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of the Service under this or prior Agreements between us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court. This arbitration agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies. Such agencies, can, if the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf. **YOU AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND AT&T ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.** This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.
    
2.  A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute ("Notice"). The Notice to AT&T should be addressed to: Office for Dispute Resolution, AT&T, 1025 Lenox Park Blvd., Atlanta, GA 30319 ("Notice Address"). The Notice must (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute. and (2) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand"). If AT&T and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, you or AT&T may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by AT&T or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or AT&T is entitled. **You may download or copy a form Notice and a form to initiate arbitration from here: att.com/arbitration-forms.**
3.  After AT&T receives notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration, it will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than $75,000. (The filing fee currently is $200, but is subject to change by the arbitration provider. If you are unable to pay this fee, AT&T will pay it directly upon receiving a written request at the Notice Address). The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by this Agreement, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by writing to the Notice Address. (You may obtain information that is designed for non-lawyers about the arbitration process at att.com/arbitration-information.) The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision are for the court to decide. Unless AT&T and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address. If your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.
    
    Except as otherwise provided for herein, AT&T will pay all AAA filing, administration and arbitrator fees for any arbitration initiated in accordance with the notice requirements above. If, however, the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all such fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. In such case, you agree to reimburse AT&T for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. In addition, if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in damages, the payment of these fees will be governed by the AAA rules.
    
4.  If, after finding in your favor in any respect on the merits of your claim, the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of AT&T's last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected, then AT&T will:
    
    *   pay you the greater of the award or $10,000 ("the alternative payment"), whichever is greater. and
    *   pay your attorney, if any, twice the amount of attorneys' fees, and reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs), that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim in arbitration ("the attorney premium").
    
    If AT&T did not make a written offer to settle the dispute before an arbitrator was selected, you and your attorney will be entitled to receive the alternative payment and the attorney premium, respectively, if the arbitrator awards you any relief on the merits. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees, expenses, and the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within fourteen (14) days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits.
    
5.  The right to attorneys' fees and expenses discussed in paragraph (d) supplements any right to attorneys' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law. Thus, if you would be entitled to a larger amount under the applicable law, this provision does not preclude the arbitrator from awarding you that amount. However, you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys' fees or costs. Although under some laws AT&T may have a right to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses if it prevails in an arbitration, AT&T agrees that it will not seek such an award.
6.  The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. **YOU AND AT&T AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.** Further, unless both you and AT&T agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If this specific proviso is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void.
7.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if AT&T makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to the Notice Address) during the period of time that you are receiving Services, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the Arbitration Notice Address provided above. By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision.

14\. Software - End User License Agreement

If you have connected to the Service by downloading or installing the AT&T Internet software ("Software"), your use of that Software is subject to the End User License Agreement that accompanied that Software. Otherwise, AT&T, or its applicable third party licensors, grants you a personal, non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of any software provided to you in conjunction with the Service on a single computer. provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by AT&T for use in accessing the Service. The Software is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraphs (a) through (d) of the Commercial Computer Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52.227-19 when applicable, or in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of The Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause of DFARS and in similar clauses in the NASA FAR Supplement.

AT&T, or applicable third party licensors may provide Software upgrades, updates or supplements (such as, but not limited to, adding or removing features or updating security components). You understand that whether the equipment is owned by you or AT&T, AT&T, or the applicable third party licensor, has the unrestricted right, but not the obligation, to upgrade, update, or supplement the Software on your equipment at any time.

**_Export Limits_** . None of the software or underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the United States has embargoed goods. or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. The Software and any underlying technology may not be exported outside the United States or to any foreign entity or "foreign person" as defined by U.S. government regulations, including without limitation, anyone who is not a citizen, national or lawful permanent resident of the United States.

15\. Operational Limits/Force Majeure

Provisioning of the Service is subject to the availability and the operational limitations of the requisite equipment and associated facilities. You understand and agree that temporary interruptions of the Service may occur as normal events in the provision of the Service and that AT&T is not liable for such interruptions. You further understand and agree that AT&T has no control over third party networks you may access in the course of your use of the Service, and therefore, delays and disruptions of other network transmissions are beyond the control of AT&T. In addition, AT&T is not liable for any failure of performance due to any cause beyond their reasonable control including acts of God, fire, explosion, vandalism, terrorism, cable cut, major weather disturbance, national emergencies, riots, wars, labor difficulties, supplier failures, shortages, breaches, any law, order, regulation, direction, action, or request by any government, civil or military authority, or suspension of existing service in compliance with state and/or federal law, rules and regulations, or delays caused by you or your equipment.

16\. Customer Service Support

AT&T provides free basic customer care for Service purchased from AT&T and covered under this Agreement. Although AT&T reserves certain rights related to equipment necessary to receive the Service and will repair or replace damaged equipment as AT&T deems necessary (in each case, as described in, and subject to the terms and conditions (including fees and other charges) set forth in, Section 7 above), AT&T does not provide support for devices that access the Service under this Agreement.

17\. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:

1.  YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THEY ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR GUARANTIES OF ANY KIND. AT&T AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING, OR USAGE OF TRADE.
2.  AT&T AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, CURRENT, COMPLETE OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATION, (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED AND (vi) THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER DISABLING DEVISES OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
3.  ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.
4.  NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM AT&T OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

18\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NEITHER AT&T NOR ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS OR LICENSORS WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSES (EVEN IF AT&T HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM. (a) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE. (b) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES. (c) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA. (d) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE AND/OR SOFTWARE. (e) FAILURE TO INSURE THE COMPATIBILITY OF YOUR SYSTEM (INCLUDING THE EQUIPMENT, DEVICES, AND SOFTWARE THAT YOU PROVIDE TO RECEIVE THE SERVICE) WITH THE SERVICE, AND/OR SOFTWARE. (f) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE, AND/OR SOFTWARE. AND/OR (g) BATTERY BACKUP.

**_Exclusions and Limitations._** SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 17 AND 18 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

19\. Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold AT&T and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders, licensors or other partners and employees harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of this Agreement, your violation of the AUP or your violation of any rights of another.

You acknowledge that you are responsible for all use of the Service using your account, including use by Sub Accounts, and that this Agreement, the Acceptable Use Policy and Privacy Policies, as amended from time to time, apply to any and all usage of your account, including use by Sub Accounts. You agree to abide by these terms and you agree to defend, hold harmless and indemnify AT&T from and against any and all claims stemming from usage of this account and any Sub Account – whether or not such usage is expressly authorized by you.

20\. General a. _Contact Information._

Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, notices by Members to AT&T must be given by calling: for AT&T Dial subscribers (1-866-722-3425), for AT&T High Speed Internet subscribers (Business and Consumer) (1-877-722-3755), for AT&T Internet subscribers (Consumer Only) (1-800-ATT-2020), for FastAccess DSL and BellSouth Dial Internet subscribers (Business and Consumer) (1-888-321-2375), and AT&T Internet for Business (800.321.2000).

b. _Trademark Information/Proprietary Rights._

AT&T and the AT&T logos and all other AT&T brands, logos and product and service names ("AT&T marks") are registered trademarks or trademarks of AT&T Intellectual Property. Any use of AT&T Marks is prohibited without permission of AT&T Intellectual Property.

Nothing contained in this Agreement may be construed to convey to you any interest, title, or license in the Member ID, email address, Universal Resource Locator, IP address, or domain name used by you in connection with the Service.

c. _Additional Terms._

This Agreement, any other policies or guidelines referenced herein and the terms set forth in any promotional offer for the Service constitute the entire agreement between AT&T and you. This Agreement governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreement between you and AT&T with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other AT&T or affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. The failure of AT&T to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect. You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, there shall be no third party beneficiaries to this agreement. You agree that regardless of any statute of laws to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or this Agreement must be filled within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. We can assign all or part of AT&T rights or duties under this Agreement without notifying you. You may not assign this Agreement or the Services without prior written consent. If any part of this Agreement is found invalid, the rest of the Agreement will remain valid and enforceable. The section titles and paragraph headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.

d. _Survival._

Obligations and rights in connection with this Agreement, which by their nature would continue beyond the termination, cancellation or expiration of this Agreement, will survive the termination, cancellation or expiration of the Agreement, including, but not limited to those in the following sections: Equipment and Software, Payment, Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitation of Liability, Dispute Resolution by Binding Arbitration, General.

To report violations of this Agreement or the AT&T Acceptable Use Policy, please go to: https://www.att.com/aup or e-mail us at abuse@att.net.

e. _Consent to Contact._

You expressly authorize, and specifically consent to allowing, AT&T and/or its outside collection agencies, outside counsel, or any other agents acting by or on behalf of AT&T to contact you with informational messages regarding your account, including but not limited to contact in connection with any and all matters relating to unpaid past due charges billed by AT&T to you. You agree that such contact may be made to any mailing address, telephone number, cellular phone number, e-mail address, or any other electronic address that you have provided, or may in the future provide, to AT&T and to any and all telephone numbers billed on your account. You expressly consent and agree that such contact may be made using, among other methods, pre-recorded or artificial voice messages delivered by an automatic telephone dialing system, text messages delivered by an automated system, pre-set e-mail messages delivered by an automatic e-mailing system, or any other pre-set electronic messages delivered by any other automatic electronic messaging system. You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete contact information to AT&T and its authorized agents and to promptly update your contact information to keep it true, accurate and complete.

 

\[1\] AT&T Internet, AT&T High Speed Internet, AT&T Internet for Business, AT&T High Speed Internet Business Edition, AT&T High Speed Internet Direct, AT&T High Speed Internet Business Edition Direct, and AT&T Dial services are provided by your local AT&T telephone company which is one of the following, depending on the state where service is provided: Southwestern Bell Telephone Company (in AR, KS, MO, OK, and TX), Pacific Bell Telephone Company (in CA), Illinois Bell Telephone Company (in IL), Indiana Bell Telephone Company, Incorporated (in IN), Michigan Bell Telephone Company (in MI), Nevada Bell Telephone company (in NV), The Ohio Bell Telephone Company (in OH), Wisconsin Bell, Inc. (in WI), or BellSouth Telecommunications, LLC (in AL, GA, FL, KY, LA, MS, NC, SC, and TN). FastAccess DSL, FastAccess Business DSL, FastAccess Business DSL Direct, and BellSouth® Dial Internet Service are provided by BellSouth Telecommunications. AT&T Dial provided in other states is provided by AT&T Corp. (All companies listed in this Note 1 are referred to herein as "AT&T" or "we," "us," or "our").

Schedule 1

**Business Customers**

**Additional Terms and Conditions Applicable only to Business Customers**

1\. _Inside Wire._

When ordering AT&T Internet Service, you will be responsible for obtaining Inside Wire (IW) in the form of copper wire or fiber optic cable between AT&T's network termination interface at your building and the gateway equipment located at the customer premises. You may have the option of ordering IW from AT&T or installing your own IW. If you elect to install your own IW, the IW must be installed and available for use by AT&T Technicians before you order AT&T Internet Service. If inside wire service is ordered from AT&T, it is Customer's full responsibility to obtain landlord permission or approvals for such inside wiring. For AT&T Internet for Business (fiber-based only), any determination of whether the inside wire work will be provided by you or AT&T will be made at the time the installation technician is dispatched and surveys the job.

2\. _Inside Wire-Disclaimer of Warranties._

If inside wire is provided by AT&T, Customer will upon completion of installation have full ownership and responsibility for such inside wire. **AT&T MAKES NO WARRANTY TO CUSTOMER OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY WORK OR MATERIALS CONSTITUTING OR ASSOCIATED WITH ANY INSIDE WIRE. AT&T EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, AND AT&T HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY TO MAINTAIN, UPDATE, REPAIR, REPLACE, DE-INSTALL, OR REMOVE ANY INSTALLED INSIDE WIRE.**

3\. _Service Guides._

**If you are an AT&T FastAccess Business DSL customer, or an AT&T High Speed Internet Business Edition customer, you are also subject to the terms set forth in the service guides for these services, which are incorporated herein by reference and may be found at:**

*   http://serviceguidenew.att.com/sg\_flashPlayerPage/FADSL (Fast Access® Business DSL)
*   http://serviceguidenew.att.com/sg\_flashPlayerPage/HSI (AT&T High Speed Internet Business Edition)

4\. Reimbursement for Time, Materials and Expenses.

If Customer cancels an order for or terminates any Service or Service Component (other than as permitted for default by AT&T), or AT&T cancels an order for or terminates any Service or Service Component for cause, prior to its Service Commencement Date, Customer will reimburse AT&T for time, materials and expenses incurred prior to the effective date of such cancellation or termination, plus any third party charges resulting from the cancellation or termination.

5\. _Arbitration Agreement:_

AT&T and you ("We") agree to resolve all disputes between us through binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, as modified by this provision.

This agreement to arbitrate is broad, and includes disputes of any type between AT&T (including its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, predecessors, successors, and assigns) and you (including authorized or unauthorized users/beneficiaries of services or devices) under this or prior agreements. **We agree that WE are waiving the right to a trial by jury, to participate in a class action, or to seek remedies beyond the extent necessary to provide individualized relief to, and affecting only, AT&T or You ALone. WE AGREE NOT TO ACT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED OR DE FACTO CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, OR AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL OR ON BEHALF OF THE GENERAL PUBLIC.** Except for matters relating to arbitrability or to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision or the interpretation of the limitations on class, representative, private attorney general, and non-individualized relief, all issues are for the arbitrator to decide.

A party seeking arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute ("Notice"). Notice to AT&T must be addressed to: Office of Dispute Resolution, AT&T, 1025 Lenox Park Blvd., Atlanta, GA 30319 ("Notice Address"). The Notice must (a) describe the basis of the claim or dispute. (b) describe the specific relief sought ("Demand"). and (c) provide your AT&T account number. If We do not resolve the claim within 30 days after receipt of the Notice, either of us may commence an arbitration. The amount of any settlement offer made by AT&T or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount of any award on the merits.

Unless We agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county of your billing address. AT&T will pay all AAA filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for a claim brought by AT&T or for a claim or Demand valued at up to $25,000 brought by You. If the arbitrator finds that your claim or Demand is frivolous or is brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of fees will be governed by the AAA rules and You agree to reimburse AT&T for fees already paid by AT&T that are your obligation under the AAA rules.

If you complied with the notice procedures above. the value of your claim or Demand is $25,000 or less. and the arbitrator awards you an amount greater than the value of AT&T's last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected (or any amount if AT&T made no offer), AT&T will:

*   Pay you the award or $10,000, whichever is greater ("Alternative Payment"). and
*   Pay your attorney, if any, the amount of attorneys' fees and expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing and pursuing your claim in arbitration ("Attorney Award").

The arbitrator may rule on the payment of fees, expenses, and the Alternative Payment and Attorney Award during the proceeding and within 14 days after his/her final ruling on the merits. In assessing whether the award is greater than the value of AT&T's last written settlement offer, the arbitrator may consider only those attorneys' fees or expenses that you incurred through the date of your Notice and which had been awarded to You. You may also recover attorneys' fees and expenses under applicable law, but you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys' fees or expenses.

This Agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and the Federal Arbitration Act governs. This arbitration provision survives termination of this Agreement. As the exclusive alternative to arbitration, AT&T or you may commence an individual action in Small Claims Court. If a court rejects enforcement of any of the limitations on class, representative, private attorney general, or non-individualized relief as to a particular claim for relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, We agree that if AT&T makes any future change to this arbitration provision (except a change to the Notice Address) during your Service commitment, you may reject any such change by sending AT&T written notice within 30 days of the change to the Notice Address. By rejecting any future change,You agree to arbitrate any dispute in accordance with the language of this provision.

If you are located in Puerto Rico, in addition to pursuing arbitration in accordance with this provision, you may notify the Telecommunications Regulatory Board of Puerto Rico of your grievance. Mail: 500 Ave. Roberto H. Tood (Parada 18), San Juan, Puerto Rico 00907-3941. Phone: 1-787-756-0804 or 1-866-578-5500. Online: jrtpr.gobierno.pr.

Schedule 2 – Consumer Fee Schedule

In addition to any amounts due for your Services and Equipment, the following fees may apply. AT&T reserves the right to change these fees, increase or decrease these fees, or impose additional fees without notice. Additional fees may apply for non-standard installations or for equipment upgrades. Taxes may also apply and vary by location. If you have any questions, please call 800.288.2020.

Monthly Fees Fee Dial-up Service DSL Service IP Broadband Service When You Pay Equipment Fee N/A N/A $2, $4, $7 or $10 Varies by plan purchased and date of purchase Monthly depending upon the plan purchased. State Cost Recovery Fee Texas only (0.525%) Texas only (0.525%) Texas only (0.525%) Fee/Surcharge imposed by AT&T to recover costs imposed on the company. Vacation Hold N/A Varies by state $5 Monthly recurring charge if you put your service on a temporary hold while on vacation (up to 9 months). If you have U-verse TV, AT&T Phone and Internet you will be required to put all three on hold, including all phone line(s). Transactional Fees   Dial-up Service DSL Service IP Broadband Service When You Pay Activation Fee N/A $49 (waived if technician install) $49 (waived if technician install) Fee when you activate service. Bill Reprint Fee Up to $5 per bill Up to $5 per bill $5 per bill If you request a paper bill reprint. Early Termination Fee N/A $180 (pro-rated by number of months completed) $180 (pro-rated by number of months completed) If you terminate your service prior to completing your agreed upon term. Shipping Handling Fee N/A $12.95 N/A If we ship equipment to you. Expedited Shipping Fee N/A $22.95 N/A If you request expedited delivery of equipment. Installation Fee N/A $99 customer install fee if customer needs assistance  
$149 technician install $99 customer install fee if customer needs assistance  
$99 technician install If you have new service installed. Late Payment Fee Up to $6.50 Up to $6.50 $9 If you dont pay your bill by the due date. Non-Return Equipment Fee N/A N/A $150 If you fail to return your equipment after canceling service. NSF/Returned Check Fee Up to $30 Up to $30 Up to $30 If you make a payment by check or other method that is declined. Payment Convenience Fee $5 per bill/payment $5 per bill/payment $5 per bill/payment If you make your payment with the assistance of an Authorized Retail Agent, Customer Service or Collections Representative. Restoral Fee $30 $30 $49 When you restore your service after it is placed in a minimum service state or suspended for non-payment. Service Repair Dispatch Fee N/A $99 ($149 for Dispatch on Demand) $99 ($149 for Dispatch on Demand) If we have to dispatch a truck to repair your service. If you refuse to troubleshoot, the fee of $149 applies. Schedule3 – Business Fee Schedule

In addition to any amounts due for your Services and Equipment, the following fees may apply. AT&T reserves the right to change these fees, increase or decrease these fees, or impose additional fees without notice. Additional fees may apply for non-standard installations or for equipment upgrades. Taxes may also apply and vary by location. If you have any questions, please call 800.321.2000.

Monthly Fees Fee AT&T Internet Business Edition AT&T Business Fiber   When You Pay Equipment Fee $0 $0   Customers activating after 1/1/17 are not charged a unique equipment fee. State Cost Recovery Fee Texas only (0.525%) Texas only (0.525%) Texas only (0.525%) Fee/Surcharge imposed by AT&T to recover costs imposed on the company. Vacation Hold NA NA Not available for business accounts Monthly recurring charge if you put your service on a temporary hold while on vacation (up to 9 months). If you have U-verse TV, AT&T Phone and Internet you will be required to put all three on hold, including all phone line(s). Transactional Fees   AT&T Internet Business Edition AT&T Business Fiber   When You Pay Activation Fee $0 $0   Fee when you activate service. Bill Reprint Fee $5 $5   If you request a reprint, fee applies for each bill. Early Termination Fee NA NA   Current offers do not have a minimum term agreement Shipping Handling Fee NA NA Tech Install Only If we ship equipment to you. Expedited Shipping Fee NA NA Tech Install Only If you request expedited delivery of equipment. Installation Fee $99 $99   When you have new service installed. Late Payment Fee $9 $9   If you dont pay your bill by the due date this flat fee will be added to the account. Non-Return Equipment Fee $150 $150   If you fail to return your equipment after canceling service. NSF/Returned Check Fee $20 – $30 $20 – $30 Varies by State If you make a payment by check or other method that is declined. Payment Convenience Fee $5 $5   If you make your payment with the assistance of an Authorized Retail Agent, Customer Service or Collections Representative. Restoral Fee $49 $49   When you restore your service after the account has been placed in a minimum service state or suspended for non-payment. Service Repair Dispatch Fee $149 $149   If we have to dispatch a truck to repair your service. If you refuse to troubleshoot, the fee of $149 applies. Monthly Fees Fee AT&T HSI Business Edition AT&T HSI Business Edition Direct   When You Pay Equipment Fee NA NA   No reoccurring charge Modem $62.05 $62.05   One time purchase Router $87.05 $87.05   One time purchase State Cost Recovery Fee Texas only (0.525%) Texas only (0.525%) Texas only (0.525%) Fee/Surcharge imposed by AT&T to recover costs imposed on the company. Vacation Hold NA NA Not available for business accounts Monthly recurring charge if you put your service on a temporary hold while on vacation (up to 9 months). If you have U-verse TV, AT&T Phone and Internet you will be required to put all three on hold, including all phone line(s). Transactional Fees Fee AT&T HSI Business Edition AT&T HSI Business Edition Direct   When You Pay Activation Fee $0 $0   Fee when you activate service. Bill Reprint Fee $5 $5   If you request a reprint, fee applies for each bill. Early Termination Fee Varies Varies The ETF is calculated at $20 x the number of months remaining in the term. If you do not complete your agreed upon term. Shipping Handling Fee $12.95 HSI $12.95 HSI Self Install Option only If we ship equipment to you. Expedited Shipping Fee $22.95 $22.95   If you request expedited (overnight weekday) delivery of equipment Installation Fee $0 CSI  
$200 FTI $0 CSI  
$200 FTI Customer Self Install or Full Tech Install When you have new service installed. Late Payment Fee Varies Varies   If payment is late, customer will be charged the amount allowed by the state where the service is located. Non-Return Equipment Fee NA NA   If you fail to return your equipment after canceling service. NSF/Returned Check Fee $20 – $30 $20 – $30 Varies by state If you make a payment by check or other method that is declined. Payment Convenience Fee $4 $5   If you make your payment with the assistance of an Authorized Retail Agent, Customer Service or Collections Representative. Restoral Fee Varies Varies Up to $49 per account When you restore your service after the account has been placed in a minimum service state or suspended for non-payment. Service Repair Dispatch Fee $150 $150   If we have to dispatch a truck to repair your service. If you refuse to troubleshoot, the fee of $150 applies. Monthly Fees Fee AT&T FastAccess® Business DSL AT&T FastAccess® Business DSL Direct Service   When You Pay Equipment Fee NA NA   No reoccurring charge Modem $75 $75   One time purchase Router $100 $100   One time purchase State Cost Recovery Fee Texas only (0.525%) Texas only (0.525%) Texas only (0.525%) Fee/Surcharge imposed by AT&T to recover costs imposed on the company. Vacation Hold NA NA Not available for business accounts Monthly recurring charge if you put your service on a temporary hold while on vacation (up to 9 months). If you have U-verse TV, AT&T Phone and Internet you will be required to put all three on hold, including all phone line(s). Transactional Fees Fee AT&T FastAccess® Business DSL AT&T FastAccess® Business DSL Direct Service   When You Pay Activation Fee $75 $75   Fee when you activate service. Bill Reprint Fee $5 $5   If you request a reprint, fee applies for each bill. Early Termination Fee Varies Varies The ETF is calculated at $20 x the number of months remaining in the term. If you do not complete your agreed upon term. Shipping Handling Fee $14.95 $14.95 Self Install Option only If we ship equipment to you. Expedited Shipping Fee $19.95 $19.95   If you request expedited (overnight weekday) delivery of equipment Installation Fee $0 CSI  
$200 FTI $0 CSI  
$200 FTI Customer Self Install or Full Tech Install When you have new service installed. Late Payment Fee Varies Varies   If payment is late, customer will be charged the amount allowed by the state where the service is located. Non-Return Equipment Fee NA NA   If you fail to return your equipment after canceling service. NSF/Returned Check Fee $20 – $30 $20 – $30 Varies by state If you make a payment by check or other method that is declined. Payment Convenience Fee $4 $5   If you make your payment with the assistance of an Authorized Retail Agent, Customer Service or Collections Representative. Restoral Fee Varies Varies Up to $49 per account When you restore your service after the account has been placed in a minimum service state or suspended for non-payment. Service Repair Dispatch Fee $199.95 $199.95   If we have to dispatch a truck to repair your service. If you refuse to troubleshoot, the fee of $199.95 applies.