Hearst.com Terms of Use
=======================

Last revised on: March 13, 2026

BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS SITE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY AND COMPLY WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED AS DESCRIBED IN THE [PRIVACY NOTICE](https://www.hearst.com/-/hearst-com-privacy-notice), WHICH DESCRIBES THE PRIVACY PRACTICES FOR THIS SITE (INCLUDING HOW WE PROVIDE INFORMATION TO OTHERS) IN DETAIL AND IS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR HAVE NOT READ THE [PRIVACY NOTICE](https://www.hearst.com/-/hearst-com-privacy-notice), DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS SITE. SPECIFICALLY, PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US REGARDING THIS AGREEMENT MUST FOLLOW THE PROCEDURES SET FORTH IN [SECTION 17](#_DISPUTE_RESOLUTION), AND ANY LEGAL ACTION MUST TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS IN BINDING ARBITRATION RATHER THAN AS A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT, WITHOUT A JURY, AND ONLY SPECIFIC REMEDIES ARE AVAILABLE TO YOU. **[Read more in Section 17. Dispute Resolution (Informal Dispute Procedure, Arbitration Clause and Class Action Waiver).](#_DISPUTE_RESOLUTION)**

   1. Application and Acceptance of this Agreement

These Terms of Use apply to your access to or use of the website [www.hearst.com](http://hearst.com/) (the “Site”) operated by Hearst Communications, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“Hearst”, “we”, “our” or “us”). Hearst is one of the nation’s largest global diversified information, services, and media companies. You can learn more about the media, transportation, health, entertainment and other brands and businesses (“Hearst Businesses”) within our portfolio by navigating to the “Businesses” tab at the top of this page.  

The Site is made available for informational and research purposes and generally is intended for users acting in a professional capacity.We make no representations or guarantee about any aspect of the Site and its content and do not endorse any opinions expressed by any users. THE SITE AND ALL CONTENT ARE PUBLISHED “AS IS” AND YOUR USE OR RELIANCE ON THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF USING OR RELYING ON THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT.

These Terms of Use, along with the Hearst.com [Privacy Notice](https://www.hearst.com/-/hearst-com-privacy-notice) set forth the legally binding terms governing your access and use of the Site and are a contract in electronic form between you (“you,” “your,” and “yourself”) and Hearst (the “Agreement” or “Terms of Use”). These Terms of Use apply to Hearst.com only; other Terms of Use may apply to your access to and use of any website, mobile or other digital apps, print or online subscription, digital membership product, or other digital service operated by another Hearst Business.  
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY AND COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.

   2. Privacy Notice

In connection with your access to or use of the Site, we may obtain information from or about you. We will use your information in accordance with the [Privacy Notice](https://www.hearst.com/-/hearst-com-privacy-notice), which describes our privacy practices as well as choices you may have with respect to the collection and processing of some of your information in connection with the Site. Please take a moment to review our [Privacy Notice](https://www.hearst.com/-/hearst-com-privacy-notice). As described in the Privacy Notice, Hearst may share information, including information about you, with other Hearst Businesses. The [Privacy Notice](https://www.hearst.com/-/hearst-com-privacy-notice) is incorporated into this Agreement and forms part of the Agreement.

   3. Age Eligibility and Legal Capacity

The Site is not intended for access or use by children, especially those under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not access or use the Site or provide information to us.  
By accessing or using the Site, you represent that you have legal capacity to enter into this Agreement and to fulfill your obligations set out in this Agreement. 

   4. Intellectual and Other Proprietary Rights

The rights granted to you under these Terms of Use are subject to the following restrictions:

*   The Site include content that is derived in whole or in part from content or materials supplied and owned by Hearst, Hearst’s licensors or third parties. As between Hearst and you, Hearst owns all right, title and interest in and to the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, patents and all other intellectual and proprietary rights throughout the world associated with the Site and content except, if applicable, with respect to your content (as defined below).
*   You acknowledge Hearst’s valid intellectual and proprietary property rights in the Site and content and that your use of the Site is limited to accessing, viewing and downloading of the Site and content, as authorized by Hearst. Nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to convey to you any right, title or interest into such intellectual and proprietary property rights or to the Site or content, or to any portion thereof, except for the limited rights expressly granted herein.
*   You may not either directly or through the use of any computer, tablet, phone or other device (each a “Device”) or other means (including the use of a browser, software, program or code), remove, alter, interfere with or circumvent (i) any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices marked on the Site or content, or (ii) any digital rights management mechanism, device, or other content protection or access control measure associated with the Site or content. You may not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Site (including any code used in any software) or content.
*   You may not either directly or through the use of a Device or other means copy, download, stream, reproduce, duplicate, archive, distribute, upload, publish, modify, translate, broadcast, perform, display, sell, transmit or retransmit the Site or content unless expressly permitted by Hearst in writing. You may not incorporate the Site or content into, or stream or retransmit the Site or content via, any hardware or software application or make the Site or any content available via frames or in-line links, and you may not otherwise surround or obfuscate the Site or content with any third-party content, materials or branding. You may also not use any software robots, spider, crawlers, or other data gathering or extraction tools, whether automated or manual, to access, acquire, copy, monitor, scrape or aggregate the Site, content or any portion thereof. You may not knowingly or intentionally take any action that may impose an unreasonable burden or load on the Site or its servers and infrastructures.
*   You may not use, incorporate, copy, data mine, scrape or in any way extract any Content or data available through this Site for the purpose of developing, training, fine tuning, or grounding (including through retrieval-augmented generation (“RAG")) any artificial intelligence or other algorithm, system, model or tool or any large language or machine learning model or any similar technology or use.
*   You may not create apps, extensions, or other products or services that use and Content or data available through this Site (including without limitation in connection with AI) without our express written permission. You may not aggregate or otherwise use our Content in a manner that could reasonably serve as, or generate (whether through AI or otherwise) a substitute for a subscription to a Hearst service.
*   You may not build a business, in whole or in part, resell, redistribute, recirculate or make any other commercial use of, or create derivative works or materials utilizing any portion of the Site (including any code used in any software) or content, whether or not for profit.
*   To the extent we make the Site or content available to you via a widget, embedded player or other technology that allows you to embed or stream content on or to another online service, you may not modify, enhance, remove, interfere with, or otherwise alter in any way any portion of such technology, any digital rights management mechanism, device, or other content protection or access control measure associated with content.
*   You are prohibited from disabling, modifying, interfering with or otherwise circumventing any technology to view the Site or content without: (i) displaying visibly both content and all surrounding elements and (ii) having full access to all functionality permitting viewing of content, including, without limitation, all video quality and display functionality, and interactive or click-through functionality.

Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Site or content shall be subject to these Terms of Use. All copyright and other proprietary notices on any Site content or materials must be retained on all copies thereof. Modification or use of the Site (including any content or materials published thereon) for any purpose not permitted by these Terms of Use is prohibited and may be a violation of the copyrights and/or trademarks protected by law and these Terms of Use.

If you provide Hearst any feedback or suggestions for improving or regarding your use of the Site (“Feedback”), you hereby assign to Hearst all rights in the Feedback and agree that Hearst shall have the right to use such Feedback and related information in any manner it deems appropriate. Hearst will treat any Feedback you provide to Hearst as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree that you will not submit to Hearst any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.

   5. Enforcement

If we become aware of a user’s violation under these Terms of Use, including the rights of any third party, we may take certain remedial steps, including refusing access to the Site to any person or entity and change eligibility requirements at any time.

If we become aware that any of our users has repeatedly infringed the proprietary rights of any third party, we may take steps to terminate that user’s access to the Site. We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to review any user content, investigate, and/or take appropriate action against you in our sole discretion. Such acts may include removing or modifying your user content, terminating your access to the Site (including any user account, registration or membership), legal action and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities.  If Hearst elects to modify user content, Hearst nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the user content.

Hearst reserves the right to investigate suspected violations under these Terms of Use, including comments, postings or emails you make on or send through the Site. Hearst may seek to gather information from the user who is suspected of violating these Terms of Use and from any other user. Hearst may suspend any users whose conduct or postings are under investigation and may remove such material from its servers as it deems appropriate and without notice. If Hearst believes, in its sole discretion, that a violation under these Terms of Use has occurred, it may edit or modify any submission, posting or emails, remove the material permanently, cancel postings, warn users, suspend users and passwords, terminate accounts, or take other corrective action it deems appropriate. Hearst may cooperate with law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Hearst to disclose the identity of anyone posting any emails, or publishing or otherwise making available any materials that are believed to violate these Terms of Use. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS HEARST (AND ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AND AGENTS) FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY HEARST (AND ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AND AGENTS) DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND/OR FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER HEARST OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.

   6. Your Conduct and Responsible Use of the Site

Please act responsibly when using the Site. The following rules are a condition of your access to or use of the Site and content:

*   No Criminal or Unlawful Conduct. You may only use the Site and content (including any information contained therein) for lawful purposes, in accordance with these Terms of Use, applicable laws and regulations, and obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party. You may not encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability.
*   Your Materials Must be Lawful and Appropriate. You may not store, upload, post, transmit or otherwise distribute or facilitate the distribution of any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, indecent, or otherwise inappropriate user content or other material or information of any kind, including, without limitation, any information that would be invasive of another person's privacy (including any personal information for which you do not have consent), any images or other material of a sexual nature, harmful to minors in any way, or that harasses, degrades, intimidates or is hateful toward an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability. You recognize that storing, distributing or transmitting unlawful user content, material or information could expose you to criminal and/or civil liability.
*   Content Posted by You Must be Yours. You may not store, upload, post, transmit or otherwise distribute or facilitate the distribution of content, material or information that is fraudulent or infringes the rights of any third party, including without limitation, patent, trademark, copyright, right of publicity or other proprietary rights. You agree that if a third party claims that content, material or information you have posted on or contributed to the Site is unlawful, you will bear the burden of establishing that it is lawful. You understand and agree that all content, material or information publicly posted or privately transmitted on or through the Site are the sole responsibility of the sender, not Hearst, and that you are responsible for all content, material or information you upload, publicly post or otherwise transmit to or through the Site. If we become aware that any of our users has infringed the proprietary rights of any third party, we may take steps to terminate that user’s access to our Site. If any third party provides you compensation or other value for your content, you are responsible for making any appropriate or required disclosures regarding such compensation or other value.
*   No Collection of Personal Information from Others. You may not, through manual or automated means, collect, harvest, gather, assemble or store personal information about other users of the Site (including their email addresses or other contact information) without their explicit consent. You may not use any such information to transmit or facilitate transmission of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk email, chain letters, or any other form of unauthorized solicitation. You agree not to send, create, or reply to so called mailbombs (i.e., emailing copies of a single message to many users, or sending large or multiple files or messages to a single user with malicious intent) or engage in spamming (i.e., unsolicited emailing for business or other purposes) or undertake any other activity which may adversely affect the operation or enjoyment of the Site by any other user or third party, including placing malware on the Site or by installing any computer programs on another person’s device.
*   No Bullying, Impersonation or Interference. You may not use the Site to threaten, abuse, harass, or invade the privacy of any other user or third party. You may not impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your professional or other affiliation with Hearst or with any other person or entity. You may not restrict, inhibit or interfere with any other user or third party from using or enjoying the Site.
*   No System Abuse. You may not upload, post or otherwise distribute or facilitate the distribution of a software virus or any other computer code that is designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of the Site, any other online services, or to obtain unauthorized access to the Site or content or any data or other information of any third party. You may not interfere with, disrupt, or create an undue burden on servers or networks connected to the Site.
*   No Violations of Security Systems. You are prohibited from using the Site to compromise the security or tamper with, or gain unauthorized access to, the Site, content, online accounts or any other computer systems, resources or networks. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g. password guessing programs, cracking tools, malware, or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. If you become involved in any violation of systems security, Hearst reserves the right to release your details to relevant third parties, law enforcement and/or governmental authorities in order to assist them in resolving security incidents.

We may require, at any time, proof that you are following these rules. We reserve the right to take, or refrain from taking, any and all steps available to us, including suspending or terminating your access to the Site or seeking other legal or equitable remedies, once we become aware of any violation under these Terms of Use.

   7. Availability of and Modification to the Site and Content

We do not guarantee that the Site or any content will be made available through the Site. We may change, modify, edit, suspend, discontinue or otherwise manipulate the Site, content or any part, feature or service of the Site at any time with or without notice to you. You agree that Hearst will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Site, content or any part thereof.

   8. Release

If you have a dispute with one or more users of the Site, you release Hearst (and its affiliates and its and their officers, directors, employees, contractors and agents) from claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses and damages (actual and consequential of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes). In entering into this release, you expressly waive any protections (whether statutory or otherwise) to the extent permitted by applicable law that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”

   9. Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold Hearst (and its affiliates and subsidiaries and its and their officers, directors, employees, contractors, and agents) harmless, including costs and reasonable attorneys' fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (a) your use of the Site or content, (b) your user content, (c) your violation under these Terms of Use; or (d) your violation of applicable laws or regulations. Hearst reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of Hearst. Hearst will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.

   10. Disclaimers

THE SITE IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND WE (AND OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE (AND OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS) MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE: (A) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS; OR (C) WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE.

DUE TO THE INHERENT NATURE OF THE INTERNET, WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT INFORMATION, DURING TRANSMISSION THROUGH THE INTERNET OR WHILE STORED ON OUR SYSTEMS OR OTHERWISE IN OUR CARE, WILL BE ABSOLUTELY SAFE FROM INTRUSION BY OTHERS. HEARST ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR ANY ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, HARDWARE OR NETWORK FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, OR ALTERATION OF, ANY USER CONTENT. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IF YOU DOWNLOAD ANY MATERIAL, YOU DO SO AT YOUR SOLE RISK. HEARST DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIAL, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES OR OTHER CONTENT ON THE SITE OR ANY ONLINE SERVICES LINKED TO THE SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL HEARST BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH, RESULTING FROM USE OF THE SITE, ANY CONTENT POSTED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE, OR CONDUCT OF ANY USERS OF THE SITE, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE. YOU USE THE SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK. HEARST CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SITE. SOME AREAS OF OUR SITE MAY OFFER ADVICE FROM A VARIETY OF PROVIDERS, WHO MAY BE AFFILIATED WITH HEARST OR MEMBERS OF THE USER COMMUNITY; SUCH ADVICE IS FOR ENTERTAINMENT ONLY AND NOT AS TREATMENT OR REMEDY FOR AN INDIVIDUAL CIRCUMSTANCE. HEARST CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SITE.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

   11. Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL WE (AND OUR AFFILIATES AND OUR AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS AND AGENTS ) OR OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY UNDER CONTRACT, IN TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR OTHERWISE) LOST PROFIT, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE INCLUDING FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF USE (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO FIFTY US DOLLARS ($50). THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT. YOU AGREE THAT OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO IN THOSE STATES OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

   12. Third Party Services

The Site might contain links to third party websites, apps or other services (e.g., social media platforms), and advertisements for third parties (collectively, “Third -Party Services”). Such Third -Party Services are not under the control of Hearst and Hearst is not responsible for any Third -Party Services. Hearst provides these Third -Party Services only as a convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third -Party Services. When you use Third -Party Services, you do so at your own risk. When you link to a Third -Party Service, the applicable third party's terms and policies apply, including the third party's privacy policies.

   13. Local Regulations

Hearst makes no representation that the Site or content are appropriate or available for use outside the United States, its territories, possessions, and protectorates. If you choose to access the Site or content from other locations, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk.

You are responsible for complying with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws concerning the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country you reside in.

   14. Termination

Hearst may, in its sole discretion, terminate your use of the Site, or remove and discard any content or information stored, sent, or received via the Site without prior notice and for any reason or no reason, including, but not limited to: (i) permitting another person or entity to use your identification to access the Site, (ii) any unauthorized access or use of the Site, (iii) any violation of this Agreement, or (iv) tampering with or alteration of any of the software, data files, and/or Content contained in or accessed through, the Site. You may terminate your account for any reason or no reason. Termination, suspension, or cancellation under these Terms of Use or your access rights to the Site shall not affect any right or relief to which Hearst may be entitled, at law or in equity. Upon such termination, suspension, or cancellation, all rights granted to you will automatically terminate and immediately revert to Hearst and its licensors and all rights granted by you to Hearst shall survive in perpetuity.

Notwithstanding any termination, suspension, or cancellation under these Terms of Use or your access rights to the Site, the following provisions under these Terms of Use will survive: Sections 2 – 20.

   15. Entire Agreement

These Terms of Use (including the Privacy Notice) constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Site. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word including means including without limitation. If any provision of these Terms of Use is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms of Use will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.

   16. Changes to these Terms of Use

We may revise, prospectively, these Terms of Use by posting an updated version on the Site. You consent and agree to receive notices of updates to these Terms of Use through our posting of an updated Terms of Use on the Site. You should visit this page or section regularly to review the current version of the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site will be deemed as irrevocable acceptance of any revisions.

17\. Dispute Resolution (Arbitration Clause and Class Action Waiver)

**PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION AND/OR HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JURY. See [Sections 17.4](#_NO_CLASS_ACTION) & [17.5](#_NO_JURY_TRIAL) below.**

*   For purposes of Sections 17-18, "Hearst," "we," and "our" shall include Hearst Communications, Inc., the Site, and its and their past, present, and future subsidiaries, parents, and affiliates, and each of their past, present, and future agents, employees, officers, directors, predecessors in interest, successors, representatives, and assigns.  
*   The term “Dispute” used in Sections 17-18 is to be given the broadest possible meaning that will be enforced, and shall include any dispute, claim, demand, count, cause of action, or controversy between you and Hearst, whether based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort (including, but not limited to, fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement, negligence, or any other intentional tort), privacy, or any other legal or equitable theory. The term “Dispute” specifically includes, but is not limited to, any disputes, actions, claims, or controversies between you and Hearst that arise from or in any way relate to or concern any content, products or services provided by Hearst including but not limited to the Site, the Hearst Businesses (as defined above), this Section 17, any other aspect of these Terms of Use (including their applicability and their conformance to applicable law), and any disputes relating to telephonic, text message, or any other communications either of us received from the other. 
*   You understand that Hearst provides the Site without any fee. So that Hearst can maintain the ability to offer you and other users this Site and any related services, you and we agree to the following mechanisms for resolving any Dispute between us: 

   **17.1  Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution.**  
You and Hearst agree that good-faith, informal efforts to resolve Disputes often can result in a prompt, cost-effective, and mutually beneficial outcome. Therefore, **except for either party’s claims of infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret**, if either **you** or **Hearst** wants to bring a claim or resolve a Dispute, you or Hearst must follow the mandatory informal dispute resolution process as a precondition to the ability to commence an arbitration, file a lawsuit, or institute any other proceeding:

   i. **Notice.** You or Hearst must first send by email or mail to the other a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”) that sets forth the name, address, and contact information of the party giving notice, the specific facts giving rise to the Dispute, the Hearst site or service to which the Notice relates, and the relief requested, including damages, if any, and a detailed calculation for them. Your Notice also must contain your email address and (if different) the email address associated with your Hearst account. Our Notice may also be sent to the email address associated with your Hearst account (if any), and you consent to receive any such Notice as part of these dispute resolution terms. You and we must include in any Notice to each other a personally signed statement (from you or us—not from your or our counsel) verifying the accuracy of the contents of the Notice, and if you are represented by counsel, your signed statement authorizing Hearst to disclose your Hearst account details to your attorney while seeking to resolve your claim. We each must individualize our Notice, meaning it can concern only our Dispute and no other person’s Dispute. 

You must send your Notice to Hearst by email to [ConsumerArbitration@hearst.com](mailto:ConsumerArbitration@hearst.com) or by mail to: Hearst Corporation, Attn: Office of General Counsel, 300 W. 57th Street, 40th Floor, New York, NY 10019.  In the case of a Dispute initiated by you or us, it is the sender’s responsibility to prove that the sender provided the notice in the manner that is required in this paragraph.

   ii.  **Good Faith Effort to Informally Resolve Dispute.** After receipt of a completed Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute for a period of 60 days (which can be extended by agreement). You and Hearst agree that, after receipt of the completed Notice, the recipient may request an individualized telephone or video settlement conference and both parties will personally attend (with counsel, if represented). You and Hearst agree that the parties (and counsel, if represented) shall work cooperatively to schedule the conference at the earliest mutually convenient time and to seek to reach a resolution. If you and Hearst do not reach an agreement to resolve the issues identified in the Notice within 60 days after the completed Notice is received (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), you or Hearst may commence a proceeding as noted below.  
   iii.  Compliance with this Section 17.1 is a condition precedent to initiating any legal action, including the mandatory arbitration set forth in Section 18.2 below.  If the Dispute is not resolved within the 60 days (or a longer time if agreed to by the parties), then either party may proceed in accordance with the below.

   **17.2  Arbitration Agreement.**

Except for either party’s claims of infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret, in the event that the informal dispute resolution process set forth in Section 18.1 is not successful, any and all Disputes between you and Hearst arising under or related in any way to this Agreement, the Site, or any Hearst service, must be resolved through binding arbitration as described in this section. This agreement to arbitrate is intended to be interpreted broadly. 

**AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 17.4 AND 17.5 BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND HEARST ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. YOU AND HEARST AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. ANY ARBITRATION PROVIDED FOR HEREIN WILL TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS; CLASS ARBITRATIONS, PARTICIPATION IN A “MASS ARBITRATION”, AND CLASS ACTIONS ARE NOT PERMITTED.**

Any arbitration will be governed by the Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “Consumer Rules”) of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), as modified by this section. For all Disputes, You agree that:

*   You will personally appear at any preliminary conference or hearing in any arbitration filed by You or on Your behalf (even if represented by counsel).  A representative of Hearst will also personally appear at any preliminary conference or hearing in any arbitration filed by You or on Your behalf.
*   If requested by Hearst, You will personally appear at any subsequent conferences or hearings at which Hearst requests your appearance.  If requested by You, a representative of Hearst will also personally appear at any subsequent conferences or hearings at which You request Hearst’s appearance.
*   Subject to Arbitrator approval, if requested by Hearst, You will sit for a deposition prior to any final hearing and participate in discovery. Subject to Arbitrator approval, if requested by You, a representative of Hearst will sit for a deposition prior to any final hearing and Hearst will participate in discovery.
*   Subject to Arbitrator approval, failure to make any such personal appearances or to participate in discovery may be grounds for dismissal of your or Hearst’s arbitration, and waiver of any claims arising out of the subject matter of the arbitration. 
*   In the arbitration, the arbitrator shall apply New York law and the Federal Rules of Evidence; You, Hearst, and/or any counsel must comply with Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b) (“Rule 11”); and the arbitrator may impose any sanctions available under the AAA Consumer Rules, Rule 11, and/or other applicable law against the parties and/or their counsel. 
*   In the arbitration, the arbitrator shall enforce statutes of limitations and other time-based defenses (including the Time Limitation in this Agreement), offers of judgment/compromise, and fee-shifting rules in the same way as a court would.

You further agree that any arbitrations will take place in San Francisco, CA, or New York, NY, or such other location as may be required by the AAA Consumer Rules and is mutually convenient to the parties consistent with AAA rules. Regardless of the location of any hearings or whether in-person or virtual, the seat of any arbitration shall be deemed to be New York, NY. The arbitrator's ruling is binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. In the event this agreement to arbitrate is held unenforceable by a court, then the disputes that would otherwise have been arbitrated shall be exclusively brought in the state or federal courts located in New York City, New York and be subject to section 18 below (“Governing Law, Jurisdiction & Venue”), as well as Section 17.4 (“No Class Action”) and 17.5 (“No Jury Trial”). Claims of infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret shall be exclusively brought in the state and federal courts located in New York City, New York and not in arbitration.  
 

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, YOU AND HEARST AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH HEARST MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES; OTHERWISE SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.  

  
   **17.4 No Class Action.**  
**YOU AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND HEARST ARE EACH KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE ACTION AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY IN ANY DISPUTE OR PROCEEDING (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT, PRIVACY, OR ANY OTHER THEORY OR BASIS), WHETHER IN COURT OR IN ARBITRATION. YOU AND HEARST AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF, CLAIMANT, OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, COLLECTIVE, MASS, OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.**

  
   **17.5  No Jury Trial.**  
**YOU AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AND HEARST ARE EACH KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVING, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHTS YOU AND HEARST MAY HAVE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL OR STATUTORY RIGHT TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JURY) TO A TRIAL BY A JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING FOR ANY DISPUTES WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THE PARTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DISPUTES IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE USE OF THIS SITE, OR THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE PARTIES (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT, PRIVACY, OR ANY OTHER THEORY OR BASIS).** 

   **18. Governing Law, Jurisdiction & Venue**

18.1 This Agreement and all claims or Disputes arising out of (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Site; (iii) any other Hearst site or service, (iv) your relationship with Hearst, and (v) your use of the Site or any Hearst service, shall be governed by and construed solely and exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, USA without giving effect to any law that would result in the application of the law of another jurisdiction.

18.2  To the extent any action or proceeding is brought by You against Hearst or by Hearst against You in court, You agree that it will be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in New York County, New York, and you irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and agree that it is a convenient forum and that you will not seek to transfer such action or proceeding to any other forum or jurisdiction, under the doctrine of forum non conveniens or otherwise.    
 

   **19. No Waiver**

No failure or delay by Hearst in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms of Use will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power, or privilege under these Terms of Use.

   **20. Notice to California Users**

Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Site are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N-112, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.

   **21. Copyright Infringement Claims Policy**

In accordance with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 USC sec. 512, we have designated an agent to receive notices of claims of copyright infringement: Copyright Agent, 300 West 57th Street, New York, New York, 10019, fax: 212-649-2035; copyright@hearst.com. If you believe your copyright has been infringed, you may provide us with notice. To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:

*   A physical or electronic signature of person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
*   Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
*   Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
*   Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, including an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
*   A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
*   A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

We may give notice to our users that we have received a notice of infringement by means of a general notice on our Site, electronic mail to a user's e-mail address in our records, or by written communication sent by first-class mail to a user's physical address in our records. If you receive such a notice, you may provide counter-notification in writing to the designated agent that includes the information below. To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:

*   Your physical or electronic signature;
*   Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
*   A statement from you under the penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
*   Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for the judicial district in which our offices are located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.

We have a policy of terminating access to our Site of any user who repeatedly infringes the proprietary rights of any third party.

   **22. Copyright/Trademark Information**

Copyright © 2026, Hearst Communications, Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Site are our property or the property of other third parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party which may own the Marks.

   **23. Contact Us.**

If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, you may contact us by email at [hearstsiterequests@hearst.com](mailto:hearstsiterequests@hearst.com).