1. Complete Terms of Service
    -------------------------
    
    These Terms of Service and any terms expressly incorporated herein (**"Terms"**) apply to your access to and use of the websites and mobile applications provided by Payward, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively, **"Payward"**, **"Kraken"**, **"we"**, or **"us"**), and the trading, staking, NFT and other services provided by Payward as described in these Terms (collectively, our **"Services"**).  
      
    Our products and services are provided through local operating entities that are subsidiaries of Payward, Inc. Except for (a) Services provided in Annex C are provided by Payward Commercial Ltd; (b) Services provided in Annex B, Annex D, Annex G, and Section 7.11 (unless you reside in the United States or Australia) are provided by Payward Trading Limited; and, (c) Services provided in Annex H for any Kraken Account denominated in United Arab Emirates dirham (“AED”) are provided by Payward MENA; your sole and exclusive counterparty to these Terms is as follows:
    
    1. If you reside in Australia - Bit Trade Pty Limited, Unit 610, 478 George Street, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia.
    2. If you reside in Canada - Payward Canada Inc., 1100-1959 Upper Water Street, Halifax, NS B3J 3N2, Canada.
    3. If you reside in the UK - Payward Ltd., 6th Floor, One London Wall, London, EC2Y 5EB, United Kingdom.
    4. If you reside in the United States - Payward Ventures, Inc., 100 Pine St., Suite 1250, Office 6, PMB A188, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA.
    5. If you reside in Italy - Payward Europe Solutions Limited, Italian Branch,  21 Via San Marco, Milan, MI, 20121, Italy (for VASP Services). Otherwise if you reside in the European Economic Area - Payward International Markets Limited, Trinity Chambers, PO BOX 4301, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.
    6. If you reside in any other country not set forth in 1.1-1.5 above (other than Japan, in which case, you have been provided with a separate terms of service that is applicable to you) - Payward Trading Ltd., c/o SHRM Trustees (BVI) Limited, Trinity Chambers, Ora et Labora Building, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands.
    
    * ### Key Definitions
        
        Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in these Terms will have the following meaning:
        
        * "Asset" means any Digital Asset, Legal Tender, and/or NFT.
        * "Digital Asset" means bitcoin, ether and any other digital assets that may be traded via the Services, excluding NFTs.
        * "Digital Asset/NFT Account" means any Digital Asset or NFT address or account owned, controlled or operated by you that is maintained outside of the Services, and is not owned, controlled or operated by Payward.
        * "External Account" means any Financial Account or Digital Asset/NFT Account: (i) from which you may load Assets into your Kraken Account, and (ii) to which you may transfer Assets from your Kraken Account.
        * "Financial Account" means any financial account of which you are the beneficial owner that is maintained by a third party outside of the Services, including, but not limited to third-party payment service accounts or accounts maintained by third party financial institutions.
        * "Funds" means any Digital Asset and/or Legal Tender.
        * "Kraken Account" means a user account accessible via the Services where Assets may be custodied by Payward on behalf of a user.
        * "Legal Tender" means any national currency, such as U.S. dollars, that may be used in connection with a purchase or sale of Digital Assets or NFTs via the Services, and does not include any Digital Asset or NFT.
        * “NFT” means a ‘non-fungible’ token or similar digital item implemented on a blockchain (such as the Ethereum blockchain), which uses smart contracts or similar technology (such as tokens complying with the ERC-721 standard, ERC-1155 standard or similar ‘non-fungible’ token standard) to link to or otherwise be associated with certain content or data. 
        * “VASP Services” means exchange between virtual assets and fiat currencies; exchange between one or more forms of virtual assets; transfer of virtual assets, that is to say, conduct a transaction on behalf of another person that moves a virtual assets from one virtual asset address or account to another; and act as a custodian wallet provider.
2. ### Eligibility
    
    Payward may not make the Services available in all markets and jurisdictions, and may restrict or prohibit use of the Services from certain U.S. states or foreign jurisdictions ("Restricted Locations"). If you are registering to use the Services on behalf of a legal entity, you represent and warrant that (i) such legal entity is duly organized and validly existing under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its organization; and (ii) you are duly authorized by such legal entity to act on its behalf.  
      
    You further represent and warrant that you: (a) are of legal age to form a binding contract (at least 18 years old in the U.S.); (b) have not previously been suspended or removed from using our Services; (c) have full power and authority to enter into this agreement and in doing so will not violate any other agreement to which you are a party; (d) are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of (i) any Restricted Locations, or (ii) any country to which the United States has embargoed goods or services; (e) are not identified as a "Specially Designated National;" (f) are not placed on the Commerce Department’s Denied Persons List; (g) will not use our Services if any applicable laws in your country prohibit you from doing so in accordance with these Terms; and (h) meet all eligibility requirements for the Services at the time of using any Services.  
      
    Payward may condition your access or continued access to certain Services (or features of those Services), such as by imposing eligibility requirements. Payward will keep you informed of these on its website. Payward may require, on an ongoing basis, that you demonstrate to us that you continue to meet these requirements. Payward’s decisions with respect to eligibility are final.
    
3. ### Kraken Account
    
    1. Number of Kraken Accounts. Payward may, in its sole discretion, limit the number of Kraken Accounts that you may hold, maintain or acquire.
        
    2. Kraken Account information and security. In order to engage in any trades via the Services, you must create a Kraken Account and provide any requested information. When you create a Kraken Account, you agree to: (a) create a strong password that you do not use for any other website or online service; (b) provide accurate and truthful information; (c) maintain and promptly update your Kraken Account information; (d) maintain the security of your Kraken Account by protecting your password and restricting access to your Kraken Account; (e) promptly notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to your Kraken Account; and (f) take responsibility for all activities that occur under your Kraken Account and accept all risks of any authorized or unauthorized access to your Kraken Account, to the maximum extent permitted by law.
        
4. ### Privacy Notice
    
    Please refer to our [Privacy Notice](https://www.kraken.com/legal/privacy) for information about how we collect, use and share your information.
    
5. ### General Obligations
    
    This Section 5 applies to: (i) all trades completed via the Services (including, without limitation, purchases or sales of Digital Assets and NFTs), and (ii) any transaction in which you load Assets into your Kraken Account from your External Account or transfer Assets from your Kraken Account into an External Account.
    
    1. **Conditions and Restrictions.** We may, at any time and in our sole discretion, refuse any trade, purchase, sale, or transfer of an Asset submitted via the Services, impose limits on the trade, purchase, sale, or transfer amount permitted via the Services or impose any other conditions or restrictions upon your use of the Services for depositing Assets to and withdrawing Assets from  your Kraken Account or for buying, selling, or trading Assets without prior notice. For example, we may limit the number of open bids, offers, or orders that you may establish via the Services or we may restrict trades from certain locations.
        
    2. **Accuracy of Information.** You must provide any information required when creating a Kraken Account or when prompted by any screen displayed within the Services. You represent and warrant that any information you provide via the Services is accurate and complete.
        
    3. **Compliance with legal obligations.** We are subject to various legal and regulatory obligations imposed by the laws and supervisory authorities of various jurisdictions e.g., anti-money laundering laws, financial services laws, corporation laws, privacy laws and tax laws. These obligations may require us to process certain personal data for identity verification, payment processing, compliance with court orders, tax laws or other purposes not disclosed herein. Please refer to our Privacy Notice for Information we may collect about you. These obligations may arise at various times, including, but not limited to, client on-boarding, payment processing, and systemic checks for risk management. We reserve the right to lock, disable and/or close accounts as deemed necessary by us in order to comply with any such legal and regulatory obligations now existing or hereinafter imposed.
        
    4. **Cancellations. Once your offer, bid, order, or transaction has been executed, you may not change, withdraw or cancel your authorization for Payward to complete such transaction.** While we may, at our sole discretion, reverse an order or transaction under certain extraordinary conditions, a customer does not have a right to a reversal of an order or transaction. If your transaction is not successful, if your payment method has insufficient Funds, or if you reverse a payment, deposit, or transfer made from an External Account, you authorize Payward, in its sole discretion, to cancel the transaction or to use alternate Funds in your Kraken Account as necessary to complete the transaction or resolve any resulting shortfall or negative balance, including to exchange Funds in your Kraken account for alternative types of Funds  and deduct any applicable Fees.
    5. **Errors.** In the event of an error, whether via our Services, in a purchase order conﬁrmation, in processing your purchase, in funding your Kraken account, in transferring Funds to an External Account, or any other transaction, we reserve the right, and you authorize Payward, to correct such error, including by revising the transaction (including charging the correct price), cancelling the transaction,  or taking any other action to resolve the error (including exchange Funds in your Kraken account for alternative types of Funds and deducting any applicable Fees to correct the error).
    6. **Insufficient Assets.** If you have an insufficient amount of Assets in your Kraken Account to complete a transaction via the Services, we may cancel the entire transaction or may fulfill a partial transaction using the amount of Assets currently available in your Kraken Account, less any fees owed to Payward in connection with our execution of the trade (as described in Section 9).
        
    7. **Payment Method.** Only valid payment methods specified by us may be used to purchase Digital Assets or NFTs, as applicable. By placing an order to purchase Digital Assets or NFTs from Payward, you represent and warrant that (a) you are authorized to use the designated payment method and (b) you authorize us, or our payment processor, to charge your designated payment method. If the payment method you designate cannot be verified, is invalid or is otherwise not acceptable, your purchase order may be suspended or canceled automatically. You agree to resolve any problems we encounter in order to proceed with your purchase order.
        
    8. **Taxes.** It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply to the trades or transactions you complete via the Services, and it is your responsibility to report and remit the correct tax to the appropriate tax authority. You agree that Payward is not responsible for determining whether taxes apply to your trades or for collecting, reporting, withholding or remitting any taxes arising from any trades or transactions. If required by applicable law, Payward may withhold tax from any payments made to you and report such tax to the relevant taxing authority.
        
6. ### Kraken Account Assets
    
    1. **Funding your Kraken Account.** In order to complete an offer, bid, order, trade or transaction via the Services (including orders and trades on the Kraken Digital Asset Exchange, as described in Section 7), you must first load Assets to your Kraken Account using one of the approved External Accounts identified via the Services. You may be required to verify that you control the External Account that you use to load Assets to your Kraken Account. As further described in Section 9, you may be charged fees by the External Account you use to transmit Assets to or from your Kraken Account. Payward is not responsible for any External Account fees or for the management and security of any External Account. You are solely responsible for your use of any External Account, and you agree to comply with all terms and conditions applicable to any External Account. The timing associated with a load transaction will depend in part upon the performance of third parties responsible for maintaining the applicable External Account, and Payward makes no guarantee regarding the amount of time it may take to load Assets into your Kraken Account.  
          
        **About Legal Tender Held In Your Kraken Account** - Be advised that Legal Tender held in your Kraken account is exclusively for the purchase of Digital Assets or NFTs or for withdrawal to your approved External Account. Proceeds from the sale of Digital Assets or NFTs for Legal Tender will be credited to your Kraken Account, less any transactional or other fees or commissions. Kraken does not pay interest on free fiat balances held in your account.   
          
        **Digital Assets Only Accounts** - If you have opened a Kraken Account designated as Digital Assets Only, you may only fund your account with Digital Assets. Kraken will not accept Legal Tender to fund a Digital Assets Only Account. If Legal Tender is transmitted to fund such an account, it will be returned to the sender, less applicable transfer fees.
        
    2. **Transferring Assets to an External Account.** Provided that the balance of Assets in your Kraken Account is greater than any minimum balance requirements needed to satisfy any of your open positions, and subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 7.11 and Annex G for the NFT Services, you may transfer any amount of Assets, up to the total amount of Assets in your Kraken Account in excess of such minimum balance requirements, and any unencumbered NFTs held in your Kraken Account, from your Kraken Account to an External Account, less any fees charged by Payward for such transactions (as described in the [Fee Schedule](https://www.kraken.com/features/fee-schedule) at the time of your request to transfer Assets to an External Account).
        
    3. **Load/Transfer Authorization.** When you request that we load Assets into your Kraken Account from your External Account or request that we transfer Assets to your External Account from your Kraken Account, you authorize Payward to execute such transaction via the Services.
        
    4. **Rejected Transactions.** In some cases, the External Account may reject your  Assets or may otherwise be unavailable to receive your Assets. You  agree that you will not hold Payward liable for any damages resulting from such rejected transactions.
        
    5. **Ending Digital Asset Support.** Kraken may, in its sole discretion, stop supporting any particular Digital Asset. If you do not remove such Digital Asset from your Kraken account before Kraken stops supporting such Digital Asset, then Kraken may, in its discretion, take any measures it deems appropriate to remove such Digital Asset from your Kraken account, including attempting to sell such Digital Assets at a cost to you.
        
    6. **L2 Funding Services.** For certain Digital Assets (such as bitcoin), Kraken may facilitate your ability to use a “Layer 2” network (such as the Lightning Network) to deposit such Digital Assets to your Kraken Account and/or withdraw such Digital Assets to an External Account (the “L2 Funding Services”). Without limiting the generality of the remainder of this Section 6, you acknowledge and agree that:
        
        1. Your use of the L2 Funding Services must comply with the relevant instructions provided to you through the Services. If Kraken cannot complete your transaction for any reason (such as the failure to respond to an order exceeding the minimum or maximum order size), your request to use the L2 Funding Services may be rejected or delayed without liability to Kraken; 
            
        2. Kraken does not own or control, makes no representations or warranties regarding, and shall incur no liability arising out of or in connection with the performance, cost, availability or functionality of any Layer 2 network you use in connection with the L2 Funding Services. For example, you acknowledge and agree that, depending on the Layer 2 network, you may be unable to transfer Digital Assets you withdraw to an External Account using the L2 Funding Services back to the base “Layer 1” network (such as the underlying Bitcoin protocol) within a particular period or time, at a particular cost or, in the case of a network malfunction, exploit, Force Majeure event or other mitigating circumstances, at all; Kraken shall bear no liability to you or any other party in this instance; and
            
        3. Layer 2 networks are experimental in nature and present risks associated with using novel distributed ledger technology-based networks, including, but not limited to, vulnerabilities in or unanticipated changes to the applicable Layer 2 network. Kraken will not be responsible for any harm occurring as a result of or related to such risks. 
            
        4. You represent and warrant that you have a sufficient understanding of any Layer 2 networks you utilize in connection with the L2 Funding Services (including, without limitation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms, and other material characteristics of related Digital Assets and distributed ledger technology) to understand the terms of the L2 Funding Services, and to appreciate the related risks and implications. 
            
    7. **Digital Asset and NFT Custody and Title.** All Digital Assets (including Received Assets, as defined in Section 7.11.2.2) and NFTs held in your Kraken Account are custodial assets held by Payward for your benefit, as described in further detail below. 
        
        1. **Ownership.** Title to Digital Assets and NFTs, at all times remains with you and is not transferred to Payward, except as provided herein. All interests in Digital Assets and NFTs we hold for Kraken Accounts are held for customers and are not property of Payward. As the owner of Digital Assets and NFTs in your Kraken Account, you bear all risk of loss of such Digital Assets. None of the Digital Assets or NFTs in your Kraken Account are the property of Payward. Payward does not represent or treat assets in your Kraken Account as belonging to them. However, a court may disagree with Payward’s treatment of your assets and subject them to claims of Payward’s creditors.  Except as required by a facially valid court order, or except as provided herein, Payward will not sell, transfer, loan, hypothecate, or otherwise alienate Digital Assets and NFTs in your Kraken Account unless instructed by you or as otherwise authorized by these Terms. If you elect to participate in Bonded Staking, the foregoing sentence is subject to the Bonded Staking restrictions set forth in Section 1.3 of Annex C. For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding Section 7.11.2.2, Payward makes no warranty that Digital Assets and NFTs in your Kraken Account are held by you free and clear of any security interest or other lien or encumbrance by Payward or others, including but not limited to Payward’s creditors.
            
        2. **Control.** You control the Digital Assets and NFTs held in your Kraken Account. At any time, subject to outages, downtime, a court order, other applicable policies, the restrictions described in Section 7.11.4 and Section 1.3 of Annex C, or as otherwise provided herein, you may withdraw your Digital Assets and NFTs by instructing Payward to debit the applicable Digital Asset and/or NFTs from your Kraken Account and transferring the Digital Assets to an External Account.
            
        3. **Omnibus Accounts.** In order to more securely and effectively custody assets, Payward may use shared blockchain addresses, controlled by Payward, to hold Digital Assets and NFTs on behalf of users and/or held on behalf of Payward. We maintain separate ledgers for users’ Kraken Accounts and accounts held by Payward for its own benefit.
            
        4. **Fungibility of Certain Digital Assets.**  You acknowledge and agree that Payward may hold Digital Assets and NFTs in your Kraken Account in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, across multiple blockchain protocols, such as layer two networks, alternative layer one networks, or side chains. In connection with its holding of Digital Assets and NFTs in your Kraken Account, Payward may transfer such Digital Assets and/or NFTs off of the primary blockchain protocol and hold such Digital Assets and NFTs on shared blockchain addresses, controlled by Payward, on alternative blockchain protocols in forms compatible with such protocols.  You agree that all forms of the same Digital Asset that are held and made available across multiple blockchain protocols may be treated as fungible and the equivalent of each other, without regard to (a) whether any form of such Digital Asset is wrapped or (b) the blockchain protocol on which any form of such Digital Asset is stored.
            
    8. **Forks and Airdrops.** As described in Section 6.7, you remain the lawful and beneficial owner of any Funds in your Kraken Account and the beneficial owner of additional assets resulting from any applicable (i) network fork that is supported by Kraken and (ii) airdrop or similar distribution of Digital Assets that is supported by Kraken; provided, that Kraken retains sole discretion and has no obligation to support any particular forks, airdrops or similar distribution and such support remains in all instances subject to the Terms.
        
7. ### Orders and Trades
    
    This Section 7 applies only when you use the Services to trade Digital Assets for Legal Tender or vice versa, or to trade Digital Assets for another form of Digital Assets (it does not apply to trades or transactions involving NFTs).
    
    1. **Authorization.** When you submit a new order via the Services, you authorize Payward to execute a transaction in accordance with such order on a spot basis and charge you any applicable fees (as described in Section 9).
        
    2. **Independent relationship.** You acknowledge and agree that: (a) Payward is not acting as your broker, intermediary, agent, or advisor or in any fiduciary capacity, and (b) no communication or information provided to you by Payward shall be considered or construed as investment, tax, or any other form of advice.
        
    3. **Trade confirmation.** Once the Services execute your trade, a confirmation will be electronically made available via the Services detailing the particulars of the trade. You acknowledge and agree that the failure of the Services to provide such confirmation shall not prejudice or invalidate the terms of such trade.
        
    4. **Trade options.** Please refer to the [Trading Guide](https://support.kraken.com/hc/en-us/articles/201352466-How-to-buy-and-sell-cryptocurrencies-and-FX-on-Kraken), for information about the terminology used in connection with the trading options made available via the Services. If you do not understand the meaning of any trade option, we strongly encourage you not to utilize any of those options.
        
    5. **Market rates.** If you select a market trade, Payward will attempt, on a commercially reasonable basis, to execute the trade on or close to the prevailing market exchange rate, as defined via the Services. You acknowledge and agree that the exchange rate information made available via our Services may differ from prevailing exchange rates made available via other sources outside of the Services.
        
    6. **Prices; Availability.** All prices reflect the  price applicable to the purchase or sale of Digital Assets or NFTs using the Legal Tender or alternative form of Digital Assets identified in your purchase order. All Digital Asset and NFT sales and purchases by Payward are subject to availability. We reserve the right to cancel or discontinue any sale or purchase of Digital Assets or NFTs with or without notice.
        
    7. **Purchase Quotes.** Prior to completing your purchase or sale of Digital Assets or NFTs from Payward, we will provide notice of the type and amount of Digital Assets and/or NFTs you intend to purchase or sell and the amount of Funds or Digital Assets you will (a) be required to pay to Payward to receive such Digital Assets and/or NFTs or (b) will receive upon selling your Digital Assets and/or NFTs. You agree to comply with any terms and conditions provided within such notice to complete your purchase transaction and to pay any associated fees. Moreover, you acknowledge and agree that (i) Payward may, in some circumstances, earn a “spread” based on the difference between the price it buys or sells an Asset in a transaction with you and the price it is able to obtain in subsequent transactions with third parties, and (ii) such spread will not be reflected in the transaction fees you are charged at the time of your purchase or sale.
        
    8. **Market volatility.** Particularly during periods of high volume, illiquidity, fast movement or volatility in the marketplace for any Digital Assets or Legal Tender, the actual market rate at which a trade is executed may be different from the prevailing rate indicated via the Services at the time of your order or trade. You understand that we are not liable for any such price fluctuations. In the event of a market disruption or Force Majeure event (as defined in Section 23), Payward may do one or more of the following: (a) suspend access to the Services; or (b) prevent you from completing any actions via the Services, including closing any open positions. Following any such event, when trading resumes, you acknowledge that prevailing market rates may differ significantly from the rates available prior to such event.
        
    9. **Trade Settlement.** Subject to these Terms, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to settle trades on a spot basis within two (2) days of the date upon which users have agreed to execute a trade via the Services.
        
    10. **No Returns or Refunds.** All sales and purchases of Digital Assets or NFTs by Payward via the Services are final. We do not accept any returns or provide refunds for your purchase of Digital Assets or NFTs from Payward, except as otherwise provided in these Terms.
        
    11. **Margin Transactions.**
        
        * In accordance with and subject to this Section 7.11, as part of the Services you may receive from Payward extensions of margin in the form of Digital Assets or Legal Tender (“margin transactions”) to use to make spot purchases and sales of Digital Assets on the Kraken exchange.
            
        * You acknowledge, represent, warrant and agree that, prior to receiving an extension of margin from Payward, you will have read our [Margin Disclosure Statement](#margin-disclosure-statement), understand the risks involved with margin transactions, and have determined that purchasing and selling Digital Assets with the use of margin is appropriate for you.
            
        * Margin transactions on the Kraken exchange are made available under the following terms:
            
            1. _Margin Account._ Payward agrees to establish for your benefit and in your name a platform for you to receive Legal Tender and Digital Assets (“Extended Funds”) from Payward to make spot trades through your Kraken Account (your “Margin Account”). Your Margin Account is a component of your Kraken Account.
                
            2. _Margin Extensions and Trades._
                
                1. Subject to the Terms, Payward agrees to provide to you, and you may obtain from and return to Payward from time to time, Funds to support spot transactions (each such provision of Funds, a “Margin Extension”). No Margin Extension will occur unless you meet or exceed any minimum balance requirements imposed by Payward for your Margin Account. Moreover, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Payward is under no obligation to make any Margin Extensions to you and may decline a request to initiate a Margin Extension in its sole discretion.
                    
                2. When you use a Margin Extension to effectuate a spot transaction, you are entering into a spot Digital Asset purchase or sale transaction. For example, you might use a U.S. dollar Margin Extension from Payward to buy bitcoin. In executing such spot transactions, Payward records the transfer of ownership of the applicable Funds (such Funds -- e.g., the bitcoin in the preceding example -- “Received Assets”) by registering you as the owner of the Received Assets on Payward’s internal book-entry system.
                    
                3. If you are not (or are no longer) eligible to receive Margin Extensions, each of your then-existing Margin Extensions will become due and must be terminated: (i) on or before the 28th day after such Margin Extension was made; or (ii) immediately upon loss of eligibility if such Margin Extension was made earlier than 28 days prior to the date on which you were no longer eligible. If you do not terminate your Margin Extensions in full within the required time period, then Payward reserves the right to, without further notice to you: (a) sell your Received Assets and apply the proceeds to the termination of the Margin Extension; and (b) liquidate such other Funds in your account, in the manner and amount practicable, in Payward’s reasonable discretion, to terminate the Margin Extension in full.
                    
            3. _Received Assets._ All Received Assets are custodial assets held by Payward for your benefit, subject to the terms in  Section 6.7 (Digital Asset Custody & Title), Section 7.11 (Margin Transactions), and as otherwise provided herein.
                
            4. _Terminating Margin Extensions._ To terminate a Margin Extension, you must transfer sufficient Funds from your Kraken Account to Payward through the Services. The Funds you use to terminate a Margin Extension must be the same asset type as the denomination of the Margin Extension (for example, you must terminate a bitcoin-denominated Margin Extension by transferring bitcoin from your Kraken Account to Payward through the Services). If received with respect to Extended Funds (and not Received Assets), you must return any incremental tokens generated as a result of a fork in the digital currency protocol of any Margin Extension or an airdrop of any tokens on the protocol of any Margin Extension. You may terminate a Margin Extension by either: (i) directing immediately available Funds in your Kraken Account to Payward; or (ii) selling requisite Collateral Assets (as defined below) or other assets in your Kraken Account on the Kraken exchange and applying the proceeds to the termination of the corresponding Margin Extension. Prior to satisfying the corresponding Margin Extension pursuant to the preceding sentence, Received Assets and requisite Collateral Assets may not be otherwise transferred to an External Account or traded on the Kraken exchange.
                
            5. _Restrictions on your Kraken Account subject to satisfaction of your Margin Extension obligations._
                
                1. You agree to maintain in your Kraken Account, at all times during the term of a Margin Extension, a specified minimum amount of Funds approved by Payward to qualify as collateral ("Collateral Assets"). This minimum amount of Collateral Assets (the "Maintenance Margin Requirement"). This minimum amount of Collateral Assets (the “Maintenance Margin Requirement”) will be defined through the Services and you will be notified of any changes to the Maintenance Margin Requirement prior to those changes taking effect. Such notice shall indicate the effective date for those changes.
                    
                2. A list of assets approved by Payward to be eligible as Collateral Assets will be defined through the Services and certain Digital Assets may only be valued as collateral on a discounted basis. You will be notified of any changes to the list of eligible Collateral Assets or discounts applied to the valuation thereof prior to those changes taking effect. Such notice shall indicate the effective date for those changes.
                    
                3. For purposes of calculating your compliance with the Maintenance Margin Requirement, Payward will calculate (subject to any discounts) the market value of Collateral Assets on a continuous basis based on the prevailing value of each Digital Asset on one or more Digital Asset exchanges, including those operated by Payward. Payward has discretion to select Digital Asset exchanges for calculating this market value that Payward, in its reasonable judgment, believes offer a reasonable valuation of a Digital Asset.
                    
                4. You hereby authorize and instruct Payward, in the event the value of your Collateral Assets falls below the Maintenance Margin Requirement, to, without further notice to you: (a) sell your Received Assets and apply the proceeds towards terminating your Margin Extension(s); and/or (b) liquidate such other Funds in your account in the manner and amount practicable, in Payward’s reasonable discretion, to terminate the Margin Extension either in full, or in an amount sufficient, in Payward’s reasonable discretion, to restore the value of your Collateral Assets to an amount equal to or exceeding the Maintenance Margin Requirement.
                    
            6. _No Margin Obligation Period._ There are no term limits on margin obligations, meaning that you may elect to maintain open spot positions on margin for an unlimited duration, as long as you continue to meet your Margin Extension obligations as detailed in Section 7.11.5.
                
            7. _Payment of Fees; Default._
                
                1. Fees charged on and in connection with any Margin Extension shall be at the applicable rates and methods of computation specified in the [Fee Schedule](https://www.kraken.com/features/fee-schedule) (the “Margin Fees”). If the Margin Fees on any Margin Extension made under these Terms exceeds the maximum rates Payward may charge under applicable law, the parties hereto agree that the Margin Fees shall be reduced automatically to the maximum rates Payward may charge under applicable law.
                    
                2. Upon your failure to satisfy the Maintenance Margin Requirement, to make any payment of fees when due, including Margin Fees, or to terminate a Margin Extension when required, or upon otherwise materially breaching this Section 7.11, your Margin Extensions shall be immediately due and must be terminated (and any accrued and unpaid fees thereon and any fees and costs of collection must be paid) and, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in addition to any other remedies available to it, Payward, in its sole discretion, may apply the proceeds from the sale of any Digital Assets in your Margin Account, whether such Digital Assets are considered Collateral Assets as defined in the Terms or not, first to the payment of any outstanding fees, commissions, charges or other expenses then due to Payward, and then to the termination of your Margin Extensions. If your Kraken Account balance becomes negative, you agree to pay the amount of Funds owed to Payward within 48 hours. You may not trade on a negative Kraken Account.
                    
            8. _Discontinuance of Margin Extension Services._ In exercising its rights under Section 18, Payward may cease making available Margin Extensions for certain Digital Assets or Legal Tender for any or all users, or otherwise terminate Margin Extensions for any or all users. You hereby authorize and instruct Payward, without notice to you, as of the date that Payward elects, to: (a) liquidate your Received Assets, in the manner practicable, in Payward's reasonable discretion, and apply the proceeds to the termination of the Margin Extension; and/or (b) liquidate such other Funds in your account, in the manner and amount practicable, in Payward's reasonable discretion, to terminate the Margin Extension in full.
                
8. ### Risk Disclosure
    
    1. **Digital Asset trading risks.** The risk of loss in trading Digital Asset pairs, and Digital Asset and Legal Tender pairs can be substantial. You should, therefore, carefully consider whether such trading is suitable for you in light of your circumstances and financial resources, and you should know the following points:
        
        1. You may sustain a total loss of the Funds in your Kraken Account, and, in some cases, you may incur losses beyond such Funds.
            
        2. Under certain market conditions, you may find it difficult or impossible to liquidate a position. This can occur, for example, when the market reaches a daily price fluctuation limit or there is insufficient liquidity in the market.
            
        3. Placing contingent orders, such as "stop-loss" or "stop-limit" orders, will not necessarily limit your losses to the intended amounts, since market conditions may make it impossible to execute such orders.
            
        4. All Digital Asset positions involve risk, and a "spread" position may not be less risky than an outright "long" or "short" position.
            
        5. The use of leverage can work against you as well as for you and can lead to large losses as well as gains. Refer to our [Margin Disclosure Statement](#margin-disclosure-statement) for more information about the unique and specific risks involved with margin transactions.  
              
            ALL THE POINTS NOTED ABOVE APPLY TO ALL DIGITAL ASSET PAIR AND DIGITAL ASSET AND LEGAL TENDER PAIR TRADING. THIS BRIEF STATEMENT CANNOT DISCLOSE ALL THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THESE TRADES.
            
    2. **Internet transmission risks.** You acknowledge that there are risks associated with utilizing an Internet-based platform such as the Services, including, but not limited to, the failure of hardware, software, and Internet connections. You acknowledge that Payward shall not be responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors, distortions or delays you may experience when trading via or otherwise utilizing the Services, however caused.
        
    3. **Asset Transmission Risk.** You agree that there may be operational issues, human error, malicious conduct (such as fraud or cyber attack) and other risks associated with the transmission of Digital Assets, NFTs, and Legal Tender, which may delay, prevent, misdirect, or otherwise frustrate your ability to transfer Digital Assets, NFTs, and Legal Tender to or from Payward, the Services, or the Payward websites and mobile applications. You agree that your Digital Assets and NFTs are not deposited in your Kraken Account or with Payward until they are confirmed on the blockchain as transmitted to Payward, and that Payward is not responsible for any actions by you or third parties that delay, prevent, misdirect, or otherwise frustrate the deposit, withdraw, or transfer of Digital Assets, NFTs, or Legal Tender to or from Payward, the Services, or the Payward websites and mobile applications, or for any losses or fees resulting therefrom. You further agree that Payward is not obligated to assist or support you in any fashion with any unsuccessful transmission of Digital Assets, NFTs, or Legal Tender.
        
    4. **Underlying Protocol Risk.** We do not own or control the underlying software protocols of Digital Asset networks that govern the operation of Digital Assets and NFTs. In general, the underlying protocols are open source, and anyone can use, copy, modify or distribute them.  We are not responsible for the operation of the underlying network protocols, and we make no guarantees regarding their security, functionality or availability.
        
    5. **Discrepancy.** The Services user interface may display incorrect information or information that differs from our internal books and records. In the event of any conflict, the contents of our internal books records shall prevail.
        
    6. **Assumption of risk.** You acknowledge and agree that you shall access and use the Services at your own risk, including but not limited to the risks described in this Section 8 and the remainder of these Terms. 
        

NO KRAKEN ENTITY IS A BANK OR OTHER DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION. YOUR KRAKEN ACCOUNT IS NOT A DEPOSIT ACCOUNT OR A BANK ACCOUNT. NEITHER YOUR KRAKEN ACCOUNT NOR DIGITAL ASSETS ARE COVERED BY INSURANCE AGAINST LOSSES OR SUBJECT TO FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION (“FDIC”) OR SECURITIES INVESTOR PROTECTION CORPORATION (“SIPC”) PROTECTIONS OR THE PROTECTIONS OF ANY COMPARABLE ORGANIZATION ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD.

1. ### Fees
    
    1. **Amount of Fees.** In addition to the fees specified in Section 7.11.7, you agree to pay Payward the fees for Asset trades or transactions completed via our Services (**"Fees"**) as made available via the [Fees and Pair Info](https://www.kraken.com/features/fee-schedule) ("**Fee Schedule**"), which we may change from time to time. Changes to the Fee Schedule are effective as of the effective date indicated in the posting of the revised Fee Schedule to the Services, and will apply prospectively to any Asset trades or transactions that take place following the effective date of such revised Fee Schedule.
        
    2. **Third-Party Fees.** In addition to the Fees, your External Account may impose fees in connection with your use of your designated External Account via the Services (including without limitation fees collected through a Digital Asset/NFT Account in order to process the requested transaction on the applicable blockchain network). Any fees imposed by your External Account provider will not be reflected on the transaction screens containing information regarding applicable Fees imposed by Payward. You are solely responsible for paying any fees imposed by an External Account provider.
        
    3. **Payment of Fees.** You authorize us, or our designated payment processor, to charge or deduct your Kraken Account Funds for any applicable Fees owed in connection with trades, transactions, and actions you complete via the Services.
        
    4. **Collection-Related Costs.** If you fail to pay Fees or any other amounts owed to Payward under these Terms and Payward refers your account(s) to a third party for collection, then Payward will charge you the lesser of an 18% collection fee or the maximum percentage permitted by applicable law, to cover Payward's collection-related costs.
        
2. ### Electronic Notices
    
    1. **Consent to Electronic Delivery.** You agree to receive electronically all communications, agreements, documents, receipts, notices, tax forms (e.g. all forms of IRS Form 1099, including 1099-MISC, 1099-B, 1099-K, 1099-INT, 1099-NEC), and disclosures (collectively, "Communications") that Payward provides in connection with your Kraken Account and/or use of the Payward Services. You agree that Payward may provide these Communications to you by posting them via the Services, by emailing them to you at the email address you provide, and/or by sending an SMS or text message to a mobile phone number that you provide. Your carrier's normal, messaging, data and other rates and fees may apply to any mobile Communications. You should maintain copies of electronic Communications by printing a paper copy or saving an electronic copy. You may also contact us through support [https://support.kraken.com](https://support.kraken.com/) to request additional electronic copies of Communications or, for a fee, paper copies of Communications (as described below).
        
    2. **Hardware and Software Requirements.** In order to access and retain electronic Communications, you will need a computer with an Internet connection that has a current web browser with cookies enabled and 128-bit encryption. For certain Communications, such as tax forms we’ll need to send to you, you will also need software to view PDF files. You will also need to have a current and valid email address and mobile phone number on file with Payward and have sufficient storage space to save past Communications or an installed printer to print them.
        
    3. **Withdrawal of Consent.** You may withdraw your consent to receive electronic Communications by sending a withdrawal notice to support [https://support.kraken.com](https://support.kraken.com/). If you decline or withdraw consent to receive electronic Communications, Payward may suspend or terminate your use of the Services. Additionally, any withdrawal of consent to receive electronic Communications shall act as your affirmation that your street address on file is current and up-to-date, and any Communications we are required to provide to you may be sent in paper form to that physical address subject to the terms of 10.4 below. Unsubscribe requests may take up to 10 business days to process from the date the request is received.
        
    4. **Requesting Paper Copies.** If, after you consent to receive Communications electronically, you would like a paper copy of a Communication we previously sent you, you may request a copy within 30 days after the date we provided the Communication to you by contacting support [https://support.kraken.com](https://support.kraken.com/). In order for us to send paper copies to you, you must have a current street address on file with Payward. Any request for a paper copy of a Communication is limited to that individual piece of Communication and shall not affect your consent to receive all other Communications electronically, as set forth in section 10.1 above. Please note that Kraken operates exclusively online and it is very burdensome for us to produce paper copies of Communications. Therefore, if you request paper copies, you understand and agree that Payward may charge you a processing fee, in the amount described in the [Fee Schedule](https://www.kraken.com/features/fee-schedule), for each page of Communication requested.
        
    5. **Updating Contact Information.** It is your responsibility to keep your email address, mobile phone number, and street address on file with Payward up to date so that Payward can communicate with you electronically. You understand and agree that if Payward sends you an electronic Communication but you do not receive it because your email address or mobile phone number on file is incorrect or out of date, our ability to contact you at the email address and/or mobile phone number is blocked by your service provider, or you are otherwise unable to receive electronic Communications, Payward will be deemed to have provided the Communication to you whether or not you actually received the Communication. Please note that if you use a spam filter that blocks or re-routes emails from senders not listed in your email address book, you must add Payward to your email address book so that you will be able to receive the Communications we send to you. You can update your email address, mobile phone number or street address at any time by logging into your Kraken Account or by sending such information to support [https://support.kraken.com](https://support.kraken.com/). If your email address or mobile phone number becomes invalid such that electronic Communications sent to you by Payward are returned, Payward may deem your account to be inactive, and you may not be able to complete any transaction via our Services until we receive a valid, working email address or mobile phone number from you.
        
3. ### Unclaimed Property
    
    If for any reason Payward is holding Assets in your Kraken Account on your behalf, and Payward is unable to return your Assets to your designated External Account after a period of inactivity, then Payward may report and remit such Assets in accordance with applicable state unclaimed property laws.
    
4. ### Acceptable Use
    
    When accessing or using the Services, you agree that you will not violate any law, contract, intellectual property or other third-party right or commit a tort, and that you are solely responsible for your conduct while using our Services. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you agree that you will not:
    
    * Use our Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our Services, or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of our Services in any manner;
        
    * Use our Services to pay for, support or otherwise engage in any illegal gambling activities; fraud; money-laundering; or terrorist activities; or other illegal activities;
        
    * Use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided by us to access our Services or to extract data;
        
    * Use or attempt to use another user's account without authorization;
        
    * Attempt to circumvent any content filtering techniques we employ, or attempt to access any Services that you are not authorized to access;
        
    * Develop any third-party applications that interact with our Services without our prior written consent;
        
    * Provide false, inaccurate, or misleading information; or
        
    * Encourage or induce any third party to engage in any of the activities prohibited under this Section.
        
5. ### Feedback
    
    We will own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, to any feedback, suggestions, ideas or other information or materials regarding Payward or our Services that you provide, whether by email, posting through our Services or otherwise ("Feedback"). Any Feedback you submit is non-confidential and shall become the sole property of Payward. We will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of such Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You waive any rights you may have to the Feedback (including any copyrights or moral rights). Do not send us Feedback if you expect to be paid or want to continue to own or claim rights in them; your idea might be great, but we may have already had the same or a similar idea and we do not want disputes. We can disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted by you violates their intellectual property rights, or their right to privacy. We can remove any posting you make on our website if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with Payward’s content standards.
    
6. ### Copyrights and Other Intellectual Property Rights
    
    The Services and all elements thereof, including, without limitation, their “look and feel”, the Payward and Kraken logos and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, information, data, software, sound files, other files, content and materials, and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, **"Payward Materials"**) are the property of Payward or our licensors or suppliers and are protected by U.S. and international intellectual property rights laws.
    
    Subject to your compliance at all times with these Terms, we hereby grant you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive and non-sublicensable license to access and use, solely on the Services, the Payward Materials for your personal or internal business use of the Services. Such license is subject to these Terms and does not permit (a) any resale of the Payward Materials; (b) the distribution, public performance or public display of any Payward Materials; (c) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the Payward Materials, or any portion thereof; or (d) any use of the Payward Materials other than for their intended purposes. The license granted under this Section will automatically terminate if we suspend or terminate your access to the Services. All rights not expressly granted to you under these Terms are reserved to Payward or our applicable licensor(s) or supplier(s), as applicable.
    
7. ### Trademarks
    
    "Payward," "Kraken," the Kraken logo, the Payward logo and any other Payward product or service names, logos or slogans that may appear on our Services are trademarks of Payward, in the United States and in other countries, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. You may not use any trademark, product or service name of Payward without our prior written permission, including without limitation any metatags or other "hidden text" utilizing any trademark, product or service name of Payward. In addition, the look and feel of our Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of Payward and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned or displayed through our Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by us.
    
8. ### Third-Party Content
    
    In using our Services, you may view content provided by third parties, including links to web pages of such parties, including but not limited to Facebook and Twitter links ("Third-Party Content"). We do not control, endorse or adopt any Third-Party Content and shall have no responsibility for Third-Party Content, including without limitation material that may be misleading, incomplete, erroneous, offensive, indecent or otherwise objectionable. In addition, your business dealings or correspondence with such third parties are solely between you and the third parties. We are not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings, and you understand that your use of Third-Party Content, and your interactions with third parties, is at your own risk.
    
9. ### Suspension; Termination
    
    In the event of any Force Majeure Event (as defined in Section 23.5), breach of these Terms, or any other event that would make provision of the Services commercially unreasonable for Payward, we may, in our discretion and without liability to you, with or without prior notice, suspend your access to all or a portion of our Services. We may terminate your access to the Services in our sole discretion, immediately and without prior notice, and delete or deactivate your Kraken Account and all related information and files in such account without liability to you, including, for instance, in the event that you breach any of these Terms. In the event of termination, Payward will attempt to return any Assets stored in your Kraken Account not otherwise owed to Payward, unless Payward believes you have committed fraud, negligence or other misconduct.
    
10. ### Discontinuance of Services
    
    We may, in our sole discretion and without liability to you, with or without prior notice and at any time, modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any portion of our Services.
    
11. ### Disclaimer of Warranties
    
    EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN THESE TERMS, OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM, AND YOU WAIVE, ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO OUR SERVICES, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION, CONTENT AND MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN.
    
    YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT INFORMATION YOU STORE OR TRANSFER THROUGH OUR SERVICES MAY BECOME IRRETRIEVABLY LOST OR CORRUPTED OR TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE DUE TO A VARIETY OF CAUSES, INCLUDING SOFTWARE FAILURES, PROTOCOL CHANGES BY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, INTERNET OUTAGES, FORCE MAJEURE EVENT OR OTHER DISASTERS INCLUDING THIRD PARTY DDOS ATTACKS, SCHEDULED OR UNSCHEDULED MAINTENANCE, OR OTHER CAUSES EITHER WITHIN OR OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR BACKING UP AND MAINTAINING DUPLICATE COPIES OF ANY INFORMATION YOU STORE OR TRANSFER THROUGH OUR SERVICES.
    
    Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied terms in contracts with consumers, so some or all of the disclaimers in this section may not apply to you.
    
12. ### Limitation of Liability
    
    (a) EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL PAYWARD, OUR DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SERVICES OR THE PAYWARD MATERIALS, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY ANY USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM PAYWARD, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM A FORCE MAJEURE EVENT, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO PAYWARD'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES.  
      
    Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the limitations of this section may not apply to you.  
      
    (b) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF PAYWARD (INCLUDING OUR DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICES OR TO THESE TERMS EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY YOU TO PAYWARD FOR THE APPLICABLE SERVICES DURING THE 12 MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE OF ANY CLAIM GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY.
    
13. ### Indemnity
    
    You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Payward (and each of our officers, directors, members, employees, agents and affiliates) from any claim, demand, action, damage, loss, cost or expense, including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out or relating to (a) your use of, or conduct in connection with, our Services; (b) any Feedback you provide; (c) your violation of these Terms; or (d) your violation of any rights of any other person or entity. If you are obligated to indemnify us, we will have the right, in our sole discretion, to control any action or proceeding (at our expense) and determine whether we wish to settle it.
    
14. ### Applicable Law; Arbitration
    
    PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH US AND IT LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF.
    
    You and Payward agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms or your use of the Services, except for disputes in which either party seeks equitable and other relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents. ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM SUING IN COURT OR FROM HAVING A JURY TRIAL. You and Payward agree to notify each other in writing of any dispute within thirty (30) days of when it arises. Notice to Payward shall be sent to [legal@kraken.com](mailto:legal@kraken.com). You and Payward further agree: (a) to attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration; (b) that any arbitration will occur in San Francisco, California; (c) that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the rules of JAMS; and (d) that the state or federal courts in San Francisco, California have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals of an arbitration award and over any suit between the parties not subject to arbitration. Other than class procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court. Any dispute between the parties will be governed by these Terms and the laws of the State of California and applicable United States law, without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction. Whether the dispute is heard in arbitration or in court, you and Payward will not commence against the other a class action, class arbitration or representative action or proceeding.
    
15. ### Miscellaneous
    
    1. **Entire Agreement; Order of Precedence.** These Terms contain the entire agreement, and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings between the parties regarding the Services. These Terms do not alter the terms or conditions of any other electronic or written agreement you may have with Payward for the Services or for any other Payward product or service or otherwise. In the event of any conflict between these Terms and any other agreement you may have with Payward, the terms of that other agreement will control only if these Terms are specifically identified and declared to be overridden by such other agreement.
    2. **Amendment.** We reserve the right to make changes or modifications to these Terms from time to time, in our sole discretion, by posting the amended Terms via the applicable Payward websites and mobile applications or by communicating these changes through any written or other contact method we have established with you and updating the "Last Updated" date at the top of these Terms. The amended Terms will be effective immediately thereafter and your use of the Services following the date on which such amended Terms are published will constitute consent to such amendments.
    3. **Waiver.** Our failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms shall not operate as a waiver thereof.
    4. **Severability.** The invalidity or unenforceability of any of these Terms shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other of these Terms, all of which shall remain in full force and effect.
    5. **Force Majeure Events.** Payward shall not be liable for (1) any inaccuracy, error, delay in, or omission of (i) any information, or (ii) the transmission or delivery of information; (2) any loss or damage arising from any event beyond Payward's reasonable control, including but not limited to flood, extraordinary weather conditions, earthquake, or other act of God, fire, war, insurrection, riot, labor dispute, accident, action of government, communications, power failure, or equipment or software malfunction or any other cause beyond Payward's reasonable control (each, a "**Force Majeure Event**").
    6. **Assignment.** You may not assign or transfer any of your rights or obligations under these Terms without prior written consent from Payward, including by operation of law or in connection with any change of control. Payward may assign or transfer any or all of its rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, without obtaining your consent or approval.
    7. **Headings.** Headings of sections are for convenience only and shall not be used to limit or construe such sections.
    8. **Survival.** Sections 2 (Eligibility), Section 3 (Kraken Account), 8 (Risk Disclosure), 9 (Fees), 11 (Unclaimed Property), 13 (Feedback), 14 (Copyrights), 15 (Trademarks), 16 (Third-Party Content), 19 (Disclaimer of Warranties), 20 (Limitation of Liability); 21 (Indemnity), 22 (Applicable Law; Arbitration) and this Section 23 (Miscellaneous) shall survive any termination or expiration of these Terms.
    9. **California residents.** If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code § 1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
16. ### Jurisdiction-specific Legal Disclosures
    
    Payward maintains licenses and registrations in certain jurisdictions to provide you our Services. These licenses or registrations may impact our provision and your use of our services depending on where you live or are domiciled. Information regarding certain of Payward’s licenses and registrations, or lack thereof, and corresponding disclosures can be found on the [Kraken Legal Disclosures page](https://www.kraken.com/legal/disclosures), which is incorporated into these Terms by reference. By creating a Kraken account, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to those disclosures that are applicable to you.
    
17. ### Sanctions and Export Control
    
    1. Unless authorized or exempt from regulation, the Services may not be used to deposit, withdraw or conduct trades or transactions in Assets or to engage in any other service by or with:  (a) an entity or individual located, organized or resident in a sanctioned jurisdiction (currently, Crimea, Donetsk, Cuba, Iran, Luhansk, North Korea and Syria); (b) an entity or individual on the Office of Foreign Assets Control’s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (“SDN List”) or Consolidated Non-SDN Lists available [here](https://sanctionssearch.ofac.treas.gov/), the United Nations (“UN”) Security Council Consolidated List available [here](https://www.un.org/securitycouncil/content/un-sc-consolidated-list), or regional or foreign government watchlists; or (c) an entity directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any person located, organized or resident in a sanctioned jurisdiction or any person listed on the SDN List, Consolidated Non-SDN Lists, the UN Security Council Consolidated List, or regional or foreign government watchlists.
        
    2. Payward will hold, reject or block (as appropriate) any deposit, withdrawal, trade or transaction involving sanctioned jurisdictions or persons on the SDN List, Consolidated Non-SDN Lists, UN Security Council Consolidated List, or regional or foreign government watchlists or persons otherwise subject to sanctions. We reserve the right to lock, disable and/or close accounts under review for sanctions compliance violations.
        
    3. By using Payward software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in an embargoed country or jurisdiction (currently, Crimea, Cuba, Donetsk, Iran, Luhansk, North Korea, Sudan and Syria) or on the Office of Foreign Assets Control’s SDN List or the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Entity List available [here](https://www.trade.gov/consolidated-screening-list). You also agree that Payward software will not be used, exported, reexported or transferred for any purpose prohibited by U.S. or local export or import control laws and regulations. 
        
18. ### Referral Program
    
    Kraken may, from time to time, offer a referral program for users with a current Kraken Account. The terms of any such referral program will be contained on the Kraken.com page for that referral program.