Terms of Use
============

By using or visiting PowerInbox Inc.’s (DBA Jeeng) or its subsidiary’s or affiliate’s (“**Jeeng**“, “**us**“, “**our**“, or “**we**“) website located at [www.jeeng.com](https://www.jeeng.com/), other affiliated websites, or using our services, software or products (collectively the “**Services**“) including as detailed in any of the Annexes attached hereto, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, conditions, restrictions and policies outlined in these Terms of Use (the “**Terms**“) and the applicable services Annex (as defined below). Additional terms, included as Annexes to these Terms and incorporated hereto by reference, may apply to specific Services. “**You**” means an individual using the Services, including on behalf of a Company (as defined below).

If you are registering on behalf of a company (“**Company**“), you represent that (a) you are authorized to act on behalf of the Company to accept these Terms and the applicable Annex on its behalf and that (b) the Company has the legal authority to enter into and be bound by these Terms and the applicable Annex and to register for the Services. You are solely responsible for ensuring that these Terms are in compliance with all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to you and such Company and the right to access the Services is revoked where these Terms or use of the Services is prohibited.

1.  **ACCOUNT REGISTRATION**
    1.  In order to use the Services, you will need to have a registered account. You can register by logging in through your Google, Microsoft or other third-party login account (“**Login Account**“) as may be permitted by Jeeng from time to time. By registering through a Login Account, you represent and warrant that such Login Account is yours and that you have full rights to provide us with the information in such Login Account. To complete the registration process, you must provide all registration information as requested by us. We may indicate that the provision of some information is optional, but your agreement to provide such information may assist us in providing you with improved Services.
    2.  Different members of the same organization can access the Services through a joint enterprise account (“**Enterprise** **Account**“). In order to have access to an Enterprise Account, an individual account must be registered for you by an account administrator. Different members of the Enterprise Account may have different permissions within the account. If provide any Personal Data of a third party for purposes of registration, you represent and warrant that you have the full right and power to provide us with any Personal Data of a third party that you provide for registration purposes.
    3.  Jeeng may refuse to open an account for any individual or entity at its sole discretion.
    4.  You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password. You are fully and solely responsible for the security of your mobile device and all activity on your account, even if such activities were not committed by you. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Jeeng will not be liable for any losses or damage arising from unauthorized use of your account or password, and you agree to indemnify and hold Jeeng harmless for any unauthorized, improper or illegal use of your account and any charges and taxes incurred, unless you have notified us via e-mail at [\[email protected\]](https://www.jeeng.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#) that your account has been compromised and have requested that we block access to it, which we will do as soon as reasonably practicable. We do not police for and cannot guarantee that we will learn of or prevent any inappropriate use of the Services.

2.  **USE OF THE SERVICES**
    1.  Subject to these Terms and the applicable Annex, Jeeng allows you to access and use the Services on a non-exclusive basis.
    2.  Use of and access to the Services is void where prohibited by law. You represent and warrant that (a) any and all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; (c) you are 18 years of age or older and have the ability to form a binding contract; and (d) you shall use the Services only for the purposes that are permitted by these Terms and by and in accordance with any applicable law, regulation, or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions (including any laws governing the export or import of data or software to and from the United States or other relevant jurisdictions).
    3.  You agree that you will not engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts the Services, or the services or networks which are connected to the Services or on which the Services are hosted. Unless expressly permitted by Jeeng, you may not do or attempt to do or facilitate a third party in doing any of the following: (1) reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell the Services for any purposes (2) decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse-engineer any of the software and/or code, if and as applicable, used to provide the Services without our prior written authorization, including framing or mirroring any part of the Services; (3) circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Services or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content; (4) use the Services or content thereon in connection with any commercial endeavors in any manner, except for the purposes specifically set forth in these Terms; (5) use any robot, spider, site search or retrieval application, or any other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, data-mine, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Services; (6) use or access another user’s account or password without permission; and/or (7) use the Services or content thereon in any unlawful or infringing manner or in any manner not permitted by these Terms.
    4.  You agree that you are solely responsible for, and we have no responsibility to you or any third party for, any breach of your obligations under the Terms and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which we may suffer) of any such breach.
    5.  The Services may be subject to the specific terms and conditions, including, but not limited to, the terms and conditions annexed to these Terms (each an “**Annex**“). In the event of a conflict between these Terms and the terms included in an Annex, the applicable Annex will control with respect to the subject matter of the conflict.

3.  **CHANGES TO THE SERVICES; UPDATES**
    1.  You acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the Services which we provide may change from time to time without prior notice to you.
    2.  You acknowledge and agree that we may stop (whether permanently or temporarily) providing the Services (or any features or software within the Services) to you or to users generally at our sole discretion, without prior notice to you, unless otherwise agreed in writing.
    3.  Software that you may use, download or install from the Services may automatically download and install updates from time to time from Jeeng. These updates are designed to improve, enhance and further develop the Services and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software modules and completely new versions. You agree to receive such updates (and permit Jeeng to deliver these to you) as part of your use of the Services.

4.  **PRIVACY**
    1.  You hereby acknowledge that our Privacy Policy (“**Privacy** **Policy**“), made available online at [https://www.jeeng.com/privacy-policy](https://www.jeeng.com/privacy-policy)/, as that policy may be changed from time to time, governs our collection, processing and transfer of any Personal Data (as such term is defined in the Privacy Policy).
    2.  Personal Data processed through the Services shall be subject to and in accordance with the terms of Jeeng’s [Data Processing Agreement](https://www.jeeng.com/jeengs-data-processing-agreement/) (“**DPA**“) are incorporated herein by reference and deemed accepted by you.
    3.  Jeeng is authorized to use any Personal Data provided by you to the maximum extent permitted by law and as described in the DPA. You are responsible for compliance with your obligations under the GDPR, CCPA and any other applicable law, including any applicable data protection laws. You hereby represent that you are solely responsible to establish the relevant legal basis and to provide notices to data subjects as required by applicable law. You have and shall maintain throughout the term of these Terms and the DPA all necessary rights and consents required under applicable law in order to provide Personal Data to Jeeng and allow it to use such Personal Data as contemplated in the DPA and shall ensure that a record of such consents is maintained, as required under applicable law.

5.  **FEES AND PAYMENT**
    1.  You agree to pay Jeeng the fees as specified on Jeeng’s website in accordance with the applicable Services and the plan for which you have registered and in accordance with any specific payment terms in the applicable Annex or as otherwise agreed between you and Jeeng in writing. You may be asked to provide customary billing information such as name, billing address and credit card information either to Jeeng or its third-party payment processor(s). You hereby authorize the collection of such amounts by charging the credit card provided, either directly by Jeeng or indirectly, via a third-party online payment processor or by one of the payment methods available from time to time. If you are directed to a third-party payment processor, you may be subject to terms and conditions governing use of that third party’s service and that third party’s Personal Data collection practices. Please review such terms and conditions and privacy policy before using such services. You may be subject to additional processing fees should you be paying PowerIbox through a Credit Card.
    2.  Additional payment arrangements, if applicable, will be as set forth in the applicable Annex. To the extent Jeeng is required to make payment to you pursuant to the applicable Annex, you must provide the appropriate information for the remittance of funds (e.g. tax forms and banking details) through the Billing tab in Jeeng’s internal portal for allowing payments under these Terms. You shall be solely responsible for the completeness and accuracy of payment information and methods that you or your representatives provide. Any balances payable to you that are below a total of $50 will be carried forward to the subsequent month.
    3.  Where applicable, taxes may also be charged. Except as expressly provided in these Terms or in the applicable Annex, fees are non-refundable.

6.  **OWNERSHIP**
    1.  You acknowledge and agree that Jeeng and/or Jeeng’s licensors, as the case may be, own all legal right, title and interest in and to the Services, including any intellectual property rights which subsist in the Services (registered or unregistered, and wherever in the world those rights may exist).
    2.  Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use any of our trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names or other distinctive brand features of Jeeng or any other third party.
    3.  You agree that you shall not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyright and trademark notices) which may be affixed or contained within or on the Services.
    4.  If you provide Jeeng with any feedback regarding the Services, Jeeng may use all such feedback without restriction and shall not be subject to any non-disclosure or non-use obligations in respect of such feedback.
    5.  You have all right, title and interest in the User Content (as defined below) you submit.

7.  **LICENSES**
    1.  We grant you a limited, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the Services, subject to the specific terms and conditions in these Terms and the applicable Annex.
    2.  You may not (and may not permit anyone else to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the Services, or any part thereof, unless expressly permitted by Jeeng in writing or as permitted by applicable law.
    3.  By submitting or posting any User Content, you grant Jeeng and its successors and assignees a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, sub-licensable and transferable license under any of your intellectual property, moral or privacy rights to use, copy, distribute, transmit, modify, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, alter, decompile, publicly perform such User Content on, through or in connection with the Services and for the purposes of improving the Services, developing new services and for Jeeng’s business purposes.

8.  **CONTENT**
    1.  Certain types of content may be made available through the Services. “**Content**” as used in these Terms means, collectively, all content on or made available through the Services. Jeeng allows you to upload certain Content referred to herein as “**User** **Content**“.
    2.  JEENG DOES NOT ENDORSE ANY CONTENT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY USER CONTENT) OR ANY OPINION, RECOMMENDATION, OR ADVICE EXPRESSED IN ANY CONTENT AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTENT AND/OR USER CONTENT. POEWRINBOX DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, FOR THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY AND ALL USERS (INCLUDING UNAUTHORIZED USERS), WHETHER SUCH ACTS OR OMISSIONS OCCUR DURING THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR OTHERWISE.
    3.  Jeeng has no obligation to accept, display, or maintain any User Content. Moreover, Jeeng reserves the right to remove and permanently delete any User Content uploaded by you, without notice and for any reason. You are and shall remain at all times fully and solely responsible for any User Content that you upload to the Services. You represent and warrant that any User Content that you upload (i) complies with applicable law; (ii) does not infringe or violate any third-party intellectual property rights, privacy or publicity rights, or moral rights; and (iii) that you have all necessary rights, licenses, consents and authorities to submit such User Content.
    4.  Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that you will not transmit, submit or upload any User Content or act in any way that: (1) restricts of inhibits use of the Services; (2) violates the legal rights of others, including defaming, abuse, stalking or threatening users; (3) infringes (or results in the infringement of) the intellectual property rights, moral rights, publicity, privacy, or other rights of any third party; (4) is (or you reasonably believe or should reasonably believe to be) stolen, illegal, counterfeit, fraudulent, pirated, violent or unauthorized, or in furtherance of any illegal, counterfeiting, fraudulent, pirating, unauthorized, or violent activity, or that involves (or you reasonably believe or should reasonably believe to involve) any stolen, illegal, counterfeit, fraudulent, pirated, or unauthorized material; (5) does not comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations; (6) imposes an unreasonably or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; or (7) posts, stores, transmits, offers, or solicits anything that contains the following, or that you know contains links to the following or to locations that in turn contain links to the following: (a) material that we determine to be offensive (including material promoting or glorifying hate, violence, bigotry, or any entity (past or present) principally dedicated to such causes or items associated with such an entity), (b) material that is racially or ethnically insensitive, material that is defamatory, harassing or threatening, (c) pornography or obscene material, (d) any virus, worm, trojan horse, or other harmful or disruptive component or (e) anything that encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law or regulation or is otherwise inappropriate or offensive.
    5.  Jeeng may, at its sole discretion, choose to monitor User Content for inappropriate or illegal behavior, including through automatic means, provided however, that Jeeng reserves the right to treat User Content as content stored at the direction of users for which Jeeng will not exercise editorial control except when violations are directly brought to Jeeng’s attention.
    6.  Content comes from a variety of sources. You understand that Jeeng is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, appropriateness of, or infringement of any intellectual property rights of or relating to this Content (including but not limited to the User Content). Although users must agree to these Terms, it is possible that other users (including unauthorized users) may post or transmit offensive or obscene materials and that you may be involuntarily exposed to such offensive or obscene materials. You hereby waive any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against us with respect thereto. It is also possible for others to obtain Personal Data about you due to your use of the Services, including through any User Content that you make available through your account. Anyone receiving or viewing User Content may use information you provided through such User Content (such as your contact details, location or description of the Company you represent) for purposes other than what you intended. We are not responsible for the use of any Personal Data that you disclose on the Services or through any User Content by any third party. By making any information available through the Services, you acknowledge that you understand and have agreed to such risks.

9.  **TERM; TERMINATION**
    1.  The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or Jeeng as set out herein or in the applicable Annex, or as otherwise agreed upon in writing.
    2.  Subject to the foregoing, you may terminate these Terms as agreed between you and Jeeng in a separate written agreement or if not so agreed, by emailing us a 30 days prior notice and requesting termination of your account, provided that you cease all use of the Services upon such termination.
    3.  In addition, either party may terminate these Terms if the other party becomes the subject of any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, receivership or any other insolvency proceedings or makes an assignment or other arrangement for the benefits of its creditors. Upon termination by you or Jeeng for any reason, you shall (a) destroy or remove all copies of any software provided by Jeeng to you pursuant to the Services; (b) pay any outstanding fees to Jeeng; (c) return to Jeeng any hardware, documents, Confidential Information and all copies thereof; and (d) upon Jeeng’s request, you shall certify your compliance with these requirements.
    4.  Jeeng may suspend or terminate your account at any time by providing three (3) days’ prior notice, provided that in the event that any additional outstanding agreements contain termination provisions, the provisions in such agreements shall govern. In addition, upon occurrence of any of the following events, Jeeng may suspend or terminate your account with immediate effect and may take any other corrective action it deems appropriate: (i) if you violate any provision of these Terms; (ii) in the event we determine that the Services or use thereof may result in infringement or violation of these Terms or third party rights or claims thereof; or (iii) if you fail to make payment in accordance with the terms specified herein, including chargebacks. Any termination of these Terms shall also terminate the rights and licenses granted to you hereunder.
    5.  Any provisions of these Terms that, in order to fulfill the purposes of such provisions, need to survive the termination or expiration of these Terms, shall be deemed to survive for as long as necessary to fulfill such purposes.

10.  **WARRANTY DISCLAIMER**
    1.  NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT JEENG’S WARRANTY OR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF CONTRACT OR BREACH OF IMPLIED TERMS, OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, ONLY THE LIMITATIONS WHICH ARE LAWFUL IN YOUR JURISDICTION WILL APPLY TO YOU AND OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
    2.  ALL INFORMATION AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND JEENG PROVIDES NO GUARANTEES WITH RESPECT THERETO. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”.
    3.  IN PARTICULAR, JEENG, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:
    4.  YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS,
    5.  YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR,
    6.  ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR
    7.  THAT DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SERVICES OR SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU WILL BE CORRECTED.
    8.  ANY SOFTWARE, CONTENT, OR OTHER MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, AND THE SERVICES, AND ANY WRITTEN MATERIALS PROVIDED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH (TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED) ARE USED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH SOFTWARE OR OTHER MATERIAL. YOUR SOLE RECOURSE IN THE EVENT OF ANY DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SERVICES IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICES.
    9.  NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM JEENG OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS.
    10.  JEENG FURTHER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

11.  **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**
    1.  SUBJECT TO PARAGRAPH 10.1 ABOVE, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT JEENG, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES, AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:
        1.  ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY. THIS SHALL INCLUDE, BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO, ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY), ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS;
        2.  ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OR DAMAGE AS A RESULT OF ANY CHANGES WHICH JEENG MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES).
        3.  IN NO EVENT SHALL JEENG’S LIABILITY UNDER, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS, EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE THE AMOUNT PAID TO JEENG FOR THE SERVICES IN THE 12 MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT, AND IF NO FEES WERE CHARGED, THEN JEENG’S LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED $1,000.
    2.  THE LIMITATIONS ON JEENG’S LIABILITY TO YOU IN PARAGRAPH 11.1 ABOVE SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT JEENG HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.

12.  **INDEMNIFICATION**
    1.  Jeeng shall defend, indemnify and hold you harmless from and against any and all damages, costs, losses, liabilities or expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ legal fees) that you may suffer or incur in connection with any actual or threatened claim, demand, action or other proceeding by any third party arising from or relating to a claim that the Services, as delivered, infringes any patent or copyright or misappropriates any trade secret, provided however, that Jeeng shall have no responsibility or liability for any claim to the extent resulting from or arising out of (a) the use of the Services not in compliance with this Agreement or applicable law; (b) the combination of the Services with any services not provided by Jeeng; (c) the modification of the Services by any party other than Jeeng; or (d) the use of any version of the Services that is not the most up-to-date version.
    2.  You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Jeeng, its affiliates, and their respective employees, directors, officers, subcontractors and agents, against any and all claims, damages, costs, losses, liabilities or expenses (including reasonable court costs and attorneys’ fees) that arise directly or indirectly from: (a) breach of these Terms or an Annex by you or anyone using your account and/or computer and/or mobile device, password (whether authorized or unauthorized); (b) any claim, loss or damage experienced from your use or attempted use of (or inability to use) the Services; (c) your violation of any law or regulation or any of your obligations, representations, or warranties hereunder, including under the Data Processing Agreement attached hereto, including but not limited to breach of any privacy and/or data protection laws and regulations to which you are subject; (d) your infringement of any right of any third party, including in any User Content; and (e) any other matter for which you are responsible hereunder or under applicable law.
    3.  Either party claiming indemnification under this Section (“**Indemnitee**“) shall: (i) provide the other party (“**Indemnifying Party**“) with written notice of a claim promptly upon becoming aware thereof, (ii) allow Indemnifying Party to control the defense and settlement of the claim, provided that no settlement may be entered into without the consent of Indemnitee if such settlement would require any action on the part of Indemnitee and further provided that Indemnitee may engage its own counsel at its own expense; and (iii) reasonably cooperate with Indemnifying Party, at Indemnifying Party’s expense, in the defense and settlement of the claim.

13.  **CHANGES TO THE TERMS**

We may make changes to these Terms or any Annex or provide revised or additional terms from time to time. When these changes are made, we will make an updated version of these Terms or the applicable Annex available at our website. You understand and agree that if you continue to use the Services after the date upon which the Terms have been revised or changed, we will treat your use as acceptance of the updated Terms. We recommend that you periodically check for the most current version of the Privacy Policy.

14.  **RIGHT TO USE TRADEMARKS**

You hereby authorize Jeeng to use your name, logos and trademarks in our marketing and promotional materials, website, customer lists and other promotional activities and, if we request it, to participate with Jeeng in a press release and case study that will include referencing the usage of the Services by you for public relations purposes. In addition, we shall be entitled to display our brand name and logo at designated locations, such as your emails sent in connection with the Services.

15.  **CONFIDENTIALITY**
    1.  “**Confidential Information**” shall include, for Jeeng, the proprietary information of Jeeng, the Terms, CPMs or other metrics generated by Jeeng Services, traffic quality, logins or passwords, click through rates, screenshots or copies of these Terms or any Annexes or schedules attached hereto.
    2.  The receiving party agrees to accept and use Confidential Information solely for the purpose of executing these Terms and the provision or receipt of the Services. The receiving party will not disclose, publish, or disseminate Confidential Information to a third party other than those of its employees, subcontractors and/or consultants (“**Authorized** **Representatives**“) with a need to know, and further agrees to take reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use, disclosure, publication, or dissemination of Confidential Information, ensure that such receiving party’s Authorized Representatives fully perform the duties and obligations hereunder. The receiving party shall remain liable at all times for any acts and/or omissions of its Authorized Representatives with respect to the disclosing party’s Confidential Information.
    3.  The receiving party agrees not to use Confidential Information otherwise for its own or any third party’s benefit without the prior written approval of an authorized representative of the disclosing party in each instance. In performing its duties and obligations hereunder, the receiving party agrees to use at least the same degree of care as it does with respect to its own confidential information of like importance but, in any event, at least reasonable care. Further, the receiving party agrees that it shall not make any copies of the Confidential Information on any type of media, without the prior express written permission of the authorized representative of the disclosing party.
    4.  Confidential Information shall not include information and material which: (a) at the time of disclosure by disclosing party to receiving party hereunder, is in the public domain (provided it is not in the public domain as a result of a breach of a confidentiality obligation); (b) after disclosure by the disclosing party to receiving party hereunder, becomes part of the public domain through no fault of the receiving party; (c) was rightfully in the receiving party’s possession at the time of disclosure by the disclosing party hereunder, and which is not subject to prior continuing obligations of confidentiality; (d) is rightfully disclosed to the receiving party by a third party having the right to do so; or (e) independently developed by the receiving party without use of, or reference to, Confidential Information received from the disclosing party. In the event that the receiving party is required to disclose Confidential Information of the disclosing party pursuant to any law, regulation, or governmental or judicial order (“**Order**“), the receiving party will if and to the extent permitted under such Order (a) promptly notify disclosing party in writing of such Order, (b) reasonably cooperate with disclosing party in opposing such disclosure, (c) only disclose to extent required by such Order.
    5.  Upon termination of these Term, or otherwise upon written request by the disclosing party, the receiving party shall promptly return to disclosing party its Confidential Information (or if embodied electronically, permanently erase it), and certify compliance writing. This Section 15 shall survive termination of these Terms for any reason.

16.  **OTHER MISCELLANEOUS TERMS**
    1.  The Terms, along with the DPA, and any applicable Annex constitute the whole legal agreement between you and Jeeng and govern your use of the Services (but excluding any services which we may provide to you under a separate written agreement with Jeeng), and completely replace any prior agreements between you and Jeeng in relation to the Services.
    2.  You agree that we may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms, if required, by email, regular mail, or postings on the Services.
    3.  You agree that if any party does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in the Terms (or which we have the benefit of under any applicable law), this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of its rights and that those rights or remedies will still be available to such party.
    4.  These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and only the competent courts of New York, New York shall have jurisdiction over any dispute arising from these Terms.
    5.  If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms. The remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
    6.  You acknowledge and agree that each member of the group of companies of which Jeeng is part of shall be third party beneficiaries to the Terms and that such other companies shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of the Terms which confers a benefit on (or rights in favor of) them. Other than this, no other person or company shall be third party beneficiaries to the Terms.
    7.  You may not assign (or grant a sublicense to) your rights to use the Services, or otherwise transfer any part of your rights to use the Services. Jeeng shall be entitled to assign these Terms at its sole discretion.
    8.  The relationship of the parties is that of independent contractors. Nothing in these Terms or in any Annex shall be construed to establish the relationship as that of principal and agent, agent partner, co-venturer, representative or principal of the other for any purpose. Neither party has any obligation, express or implied to assume or create any obligation on behalf of or in the name of the other, or to bind the other in any manner whatsoever.

### _**Annexes**_

[**Annex 1** – Monetization Terms and Conditions](https://www.jeeng.com/annex-1/)

[**Annex 2** – Software Services Terms and Conditions](https://www.jeeng.com/annex-2/)

[**Annex 3** – Advertiser Terms and Conditions](https://www.jeeng.com/annex-4/)

[**Data Processing Agreement**](https://www.jeeng.com/jeengs-data-processing-agreement/)