Microsoft Services Agreement

These terms ("**Terms**") cover the use of those Microsoft consumer products, websites and services listed at the end of these Terms [here](#serviceslist) (#serviceslist) (the "**Services**"). By providing the opportunity of subscribing for, using and/or ordering the Services, Microsoft makes an offer to you. You accept these Terms by creating a Microsoft account, by using the Services or by continuing to use the Services after being notified of a change to these Terms. Please read, print and save a copy of these Terms for your records because Microsoft won’t save a copy for you.

Your Privacy

1\. **Your Privacy.** Your privacy is important to us. Please read the [Microsoft Privacy Statement](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839) (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839) (the "**Privacy Statement**") as it describes the types of data we collect from you and your devices (“**Data**”), how we use your Data and the legal bases we have to process your Data. The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses your content, which is your communications with others; postings submitted by you to Microsoft via the Services; and the files, photos, documents, audio, digital works, livestreams and videos that you upload, store, broadcast or share through the Services ("**Your Content**").

Your Content

2\. **Your Content.** Many of our Services allow you to store or share Your Content or receive material from others. We don’t claim ownership of Your Content. Your Content remains Your Content and you are responsible for it.

*   a. When you share Your Content with other people, you understand that they may be able to, on a worldwide basis, use, save, record, reproduce, broadcast, transmit, share and display Your Content for the purpose that you made Your Content available on the Services, without compensating you. If you do not want others to have that ability, do not use the Services to share Your Content. You represent and warrant that for the duration of these Terms you have (and will have) all the rights necessary for Your Content that is uploaded, stored or shared on or through the Services and that the collection, use and retention of Your Content through the Services won't violate any law or rights of others. We strongly advise you to make regular back-up copies of Your Content. Microsoft can't be held responsible for Your Content or the material others upload, store or share using our Services.
*   b. To the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and others (which may include changing the size, shape or format of Your Content to better store or display it to you), to protect you and the Services and to improve Microsoft products and services, you grant Microsoft a worldwide and royalty free intellectual property licence to use Your Content, for example, to make copies of, retain, transmit, reformat, distribute via communication tools and display Your Content on the Services. If you publish Your Content in areas of the Service where it is rendered available online publicly or without restrictions, Your Content may appear in demonstrations or materials that promote the Service. Some of the Services are supported by advertising. Controls for how Microsoft personalises advertising are available at [http://choice.live.com](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=286759). We do not use what you say in email, chat, video calls or voicemail, or your documents, photos or other personal files to target advertising to you. Our advertising policies are covered in detail in the Privacy Statement.

Code of Conduct

3\. **Code of Conduct.**

*   a. Content, material or actions that violate these Terms are not permitted. By agreeing to these Terms, you’re under the obligation to follow these rules:
    *   i. Don’t do anything illegal.
    *   ii. Don’t engage in any activity that exploits, harms or threatens to harm children.
    *   iii. Don’t send spam or engage in phishing. Spam is unwanted or unsolicited bulk email, postings, contact requests, SMS (text messages), instant messages or similar electronic communications. Phishing is sending emails or other electronic communications to fraudulently or unlawfully induce recipients to reveal personal or sensitive information, such as passwords, dates of birth, National Insurance Numbers, passport numbers, credit card information, financial information or other sensitive information, or to gain access to accounts or records, exfiltration of documents or other sensitive information, payment and/or financial benefit.
    *   iv. Don’t publicly display or use the Services to share any inappropriate content or other material (involving, for example, nudity, bestiality, pornography, offensive language, graphic violence or criminal activity).
    *   v. Don’t engage in activity that is fraudulent, false or misleading (e.g. asking for money under false pretences, impersonating someone else, manipulating the Services to increase play count or affect rankings, ratings or comments).
    *   vi. Don’t willfully circumvent any restrictions on access to or availability of the Services.
    *   vii. Don’t engage in activity that is harmful to you, the Services or others (e.g. transmitting viruses, stalking, posting terrorist or violent extremist content, communicating hate speech or advocating violence against others).
    *   viii. Don’t infringe upon the rights of others (e.g, unauthorised sharing of copyrighted music or other copyrighted material, resale or other distribution of Bing maps or photographs).
    *   ix. Don’t engage in activity that violates the privacy of others.
    *   x. Don’t help others break these rules.
*   b. **Enforcement.** We reserve the right to deny Your Content if it exceeds limits on storage or file size allowed by the Service. In addition, if you violate any of the obligations listed in section 3.a above or otherwise materially violate these Terms, we may take action against you including (without limitation) stopping providing Services or closing your Microsoft account immediately for good cause or blocking delivery of a communication (like email, file sharing or instant message) to or from the Services. We also reserve the right to remove or block Your Content from the Services at any time if it is brought to our attention that it may violate applicable law or these Terms. When investigating alleged violations of these Terms, Microsoft reserves the right to review Your Content in order to resolve the issue. However, we do not monitor the Services and make no attempt to do so.
*   c. **Application to Xbox Services.** Click [here](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=868531) (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=868531) for more information about how this Code of Conduct applies to the Xbox online service, Xbox Game Pass, Games for Windows Live and Xbox Games Studios games, applications, services and content provided by Microsoft. Violation of the Code of Conduct through Xbox Services (defined in section 13.a.i) may result in suspensions or bans from participation in Xbox Services, including forfeiture of content licences, Xbox Gold Membership time and Microsoft account balances associated with the account.

Using the Services & Support

4\. **Using the Services & Support.**

*   a. **Microsoft account.** You’ll need a Microsoft account to access many of the Services. Your Microsoft account lets you sign in to products, websites and services provided by Microsoft and some Microsoft partners.
    *   i. **Creating an Account.** You can create a Microsoft account by signing up online. You agree not to use any false, inaccurate or misleading information when signing up for your Microsoft account. In some cases, a third party, like your Internet Service Provider, may have assigned a Microsoft account to you. If you received your Microsoft account from a third party, the third party may have additional rights over your account, like the ability to access or delete your Microsoft account. Please review any additional terms the third party provided you, as Microsoft has no responsibility regarding these additional terms. If you create a Microsoft account on behalf of an entity, such as your business or employer, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to these Terms. You cannot transfer your Microsoft account credentials to another user or entity. To protect your account, keep your account details and password confidential. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Microsoft account.
    *   ii. **Account Use.** You must use your Microsoft account to keep it active. This means you must sign in at least once in a two-year period to keep your Microsoft account, and associated Services, active, unless a longer period is provided in the Microsoft account activity policy at [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2086738](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2086738) or in an offer for a paid portion of the Services or as otherwise required by law. If you don’t sign in during this time, we will assume your Microsoft account is inactive and will close it for you. Please see section 4.a.iv.2 for the consequences of a closed Microsoft account. You must sign into your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive (separately) at least once in a one-year period, otherwise we will close your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive for you. You must sign in to the Xbox Services at least once in a five-year period to keep the gamertag associated with your Microsoft account. If we reasonably suspect that your Microsoft account is at risk of being used by a third party fraudulently (for example, as a result of an account compromise), Microsoft may suspend your account until you can reclaim ownership. Based on the nature of the compromise, we may be required to disable access to some or all of Your Content. If you are having trouble accessing your Microsoft account, please visit this website ([https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=238656](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=238656)).
    *   iii. **Kids and Accounts.** By creating a Microsoft account or using the Services, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and represent that you have either reached the age of “majority” where you live or your parent or legal guardian agrees to be bound by these Terms on your behalf. If you do not know whether you have reached the age of majority where you live, or do not understand this section, please do not create a Microsoft account before you have asked your parent or legal guardian for help. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor, you and the minor accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and you are responsible for supervising your minor in the use of the Microsoft account or Services, including purchases, whether the minor’s account is now open or created later.
    *   iv. **Closing Your Account.**
        *   1\. In addition to any rights you have to cancel as specified in the "Refund Policy" section below (section 9.g), you can cancel specific Services or close your Microsoft account at any time and for any reason. To close your Microsoft account, please visit [https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618278](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618278). When you ask us to close your Microsoft account, we will put it in a suspended state for 60 days just in case you change your mind. After that 60-day period, your Microsoft account will be closed. See section 4.a.iv.2 below for an explanation as to what happens when your Microsoft account is closed. Logging back in during that 60-day period will reactivate your Microsoft account.
        *   2\. If your Microsoft account is closed (whether by you or us), a few things happen. First, your right to use the Microsoft account to access the Services stops immediately. Second, we’ll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Microsoft account or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). As a result, you may no longer be able to access any of the Services (or Your Content that you’ve stored on those Services) that require a Microsoft account. You should have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you’ve acquired.
*   b. **Work or School Accounts.** You can sign in to certain Microsoft services with a work or school email address. If you do, you agree that the owner of the domain associated with your email address may be notified of the existence of your Microsoft account and its associated subscriptions, control and administer your account, and access and process your Data, including the contents of your communications and files, and that Microsoft may notify the owner of the domain if the account or Data is compromised. You further agree that your use of the Microsoft services may be subject to the agreements Microsoft has with you or your organisation and these Terms may not apply. If you already have a Microsoft account and you use a separate work or school email address to access Services covered under these Terms, you may be prompted to update the email address associated with your Microsoft account in order to continue accessing such Services.
*   c. **Additional Equipment/Data Plans.** To use many of the Services, you’ll need an Internet connection and/or data/mobile plan. You might also need additional equipment, like a headset, camera or microphone. You are responsible for providing all connections, plans and/or equipment needed to use the Services and for paying the fees charged by the provider(s) of your connections, plans and equipment. Those fees are in addition to any fees you pay us for the Services and we will not reimburse you for such fees. Check with your provider(s) to determine if there are any such fees that may apply to you.
*   d. **Service Notifications.** When there’s something we need to tell you about a Service you use, we’ll send you Service notifications and information the law requires us to provide. If you gave us your email address or phone number in connection with your Microsoft account, then we may send Service notifications to you via email or via SMS (text message), including to verify your identity before registering your mobile phone number and verifying your purchases. We may also send you Service notifications by other means (for example by in-product messages). **Data or messaging rates may apply when receiving notifications via SMS.** We recommend you monitor and maintain the email address you specified. If you don't consent to receive notices electronically, you must stop using the Services.
*   e. **Support.** Customer support for some Services is available at [https://support.microsoft.com](https://support.microsoft.com/). Certain Services may offer separate or additional customer support, subject to the terms available at [https://www.microsoft.com/support-service-agreement](https://www.microsoft.com/support-service-agreement), unless otherwise specified. Support may not be available for preview or beta versions of features or Services. If you live in Europe you can also refer a complaint to the EU’s [Online Dispute Resolution platform](https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr) (https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr); please use [MSODR@microsoft.com](mailto:MSODR@microsoft.com) on the complaint form only and not for another purpose.
*   f. **Ending your Services.** If your Services are cancelled (whether by you or us), first your right to access the Services stops immediately and your licence to the software related to the Services ends. Second, we’ll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Service or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). As a result, you may no longer be able to access any of the Services (or Your Content that you’ve stored on those Services). You should have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you’ve acquired. If you have cancelled your Microsoft account and have no other account able to access the Services your Services may be cancelled immediately.

Using Third-Party Apps and Services

5\. **Using Third-Party Apps and Services.** The Services may allow you to access or acquire products, services, websites, links, content, material, games, skills, integrations, bots or applications from independent third parties (companies or people who aren’t Microsoft) ("**Third-Party Apps and Services**"). Many of our Services also help you find, make requests to, or interact with Third-Party Apps and Services or allow you to share Your Content or Data, and you understand that by using our Services you are directing them to make Third-Party Apps and Services available to you. The Third-Party Apps and Services may allow you to store Your Content or Data with the publisher, provider or operator of the Third-Party Apps and Services. The Third-Party Apps and Services may present you with a privacy policy or require you to accept their terms before you can install or use the Third-Party App or Service. See section 13.b for additional terms for applications acquired through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, the Microsoft Store on Xbox and the Microsoft Store on Windows). You should review the third-party terms and privacy policies before acquiring, using, requesting, or linking your Microsoft Account to any Third-Party Apps and Services. Any third-party terms do not modify these Terms. Microsoft does not license any intellectual property to you as part of any Third-Party Apps and Services. You agree to assume all risk and liability arising from your use of these Third-Party Apps and Services and that Microsoft is not responsible or liable to you or others for information or services provided by any Third-Party Apps and Services.

Service Availability

6\. **Service Availability.**

*   a. The Services, Third Party Apps and Services, or material or products offered through the Services may be unavailable from time to time, may be offered on a limited basis, or may vary depending on your region or device. If you change the location associated with your Microsoft account, you may need to re-acquire the products that were available to you and paid for in your previous region.
*   b. We strive to keep the Services up and running; however, all online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages. In the event of an outage or disruption to the Service, you may temporarily not be able to retrieve Your Content. We recommend that you regularly backup Your Content and Data that you store on the Services or store using Third-Party Apps and Services.

Updates to the Services or Software and Changes to These Terms

7\. **Updates to the Services or Software and Changes to These Terms.**

*   a. We'll inform you if we intend to change these Terms. We may change these Terms if it is necessary due to (i) applicable law, including, but not limited to, a change of such law; (ii) an advice and/or order based on applicable law; (iii) the evolution of the Services; (iv) technical reasons; (v) operational requirements or (vi) an advantageous change of terms for the user. We'll inform you of the intended change before it takes effect, either through the user interface, in an email message or through other reasonable means. We'll provide you the opportunity to cancel the Services at least 30 days before the change becomes effective. Using the Services after the changes become effective means you agree to the new terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you must stop using the Services and close your Microsoft account in accordance with section 4.a.iv. We'll also expressly point to this fact when informing you about the intended change of these Terms.
*   b. We may automatically check your version of the software, which is necessary to provide the Services, and download software updates or configuration changes, without charging you, to update, enhance and further develop the Services. You may also be required to update the software to continue using the Services. Such updates shall be subject to these Terms unless additional or other terms accompany the updates, in which case, those other terms apply. If you decline to accept the additional or other terms applicable to the updates, you may not receive or use the updates. Microsoft isn't obligated to make any updates available and doesn't guarantee that we will support the version of the system for which you purchased or licensed the software, apps, content or other products.
*   c. We continuously work to improve the Services and may change the Services or delete features or stop providing access to Third-Party Apps and Services in that respect at any time, including, without limitation, if our agreements with third parties no longer permit us to make their material available, if it is no longer feasible for us to provide it, the technology advances, or if customer feedback indicates a change is needed. We will notify you in advance if a change to the Services will cause you to lose access to Your Content. For paid Services, we'll also notify you in advance of other material changes to the Services. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we have no obligation to provide a re-download or replacement of any material, Digital Goods (defined in section 13.k) or applications previously purchased. If we cancel a paid Service, we’ll refund to you on a pro-rata basis the amount of payments that you've made corresponding to the portion of that Service remaining right before the cancellation.
*   d. So that you can use material protected with digital rights management (DRM), like some music, games, films, books and more, DRM software may automatically contact an online rights server and download and install DRM updates.

Software Licence

8\. **Software Licence.** Unless accompanied by a separate Microsoft licence agreement (for example, if you are using a Microsoft application that is included with and a part of Windows, then the Microsoft Software Licence Terms for the Windows Operating System govern such software), any software provided by us to you as part of the Services is subject to these Terms. Applications acquired through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to the Office Store, Microsoft Store on Windows and Microsoft Store on Xbox) are subject to section 13.b.i below.

*   a. If you comply with these Terms, we grant you the right to install and use one copy of the software per device on a worldwide basis for use by only one person at a time as part of your use of the Services. For certain devices, such software may be pre-installed for your personal, non-commercial use of the Servic